Bashkir State Medical University is one of the largest medical centres in Ufa, Russia. UFA the city considered one of the most beautiful and largest cities in Russia. Bashkir State Medical University is an educational university which is training future doctors since 1932.
Bashkir State Medical University has been registered in the world known education minister of the Russian Federation to acknowledge the education of international aspirants. Bashkir State Medical University is one of the most preferred and leading Best Medical College In Russia. BSMU has top 5th ranked among them. Now Bashkir State Medical University has become a large scientific establishment where fundamental and methodical researchers of science are being performed. Along with the researches of science, educational and therapeutic procedures are also seen and the future of Bashkir State Medical University and it is assumed that the staff of Bashkir state Medical university to ease with the tasks of training highly qualified medical degree in the modern world with quality education. MBBS in Russia the Bashkir State Medical University is organized and registered under the World Health Organization (WHO). This university has many scientific contacts with outer foreign higher educational establishments and University, which are related to the member of the World Health Organization (WHO) and recognized by Medical Council of India (MCI) India, NMC, UK and other international reputed countries. Students from 45 different countries of Europe, Asia, middle Asia and America have completed a degree at Bashkir Medical University. Medicine in Russia, During this time period, 4400 general student, dentists, and paediatricians have been trained for foreign Russian countries. Study MBBS in Russia General Medical course is taught in English medium program for those students who want to study in English medium. Students who are studying MBBS program in English medium they don’t have to study the Russian language for education. They can get direct admission in first-course medical subjects which are being taught in English.
The Bashkir State Medical University is one of the best medical university in the Russian education Federation and the main point of the education and medical study of the Republic of ufa. It was constructed by the Degree of the Council Commissars in 1930 (The college staff comprises of many experienced researchers and professionals who are engaged with educating, medicinal and logical exercises). Russian Medical foundation opened its admission on fifteenth of November, 1942 under the name of Bashkir State Medical Institute.

In starting this university was just having few staff of Faculty of General Medicine in Russia. Today University is a major medical education foundation which is connected and precise logical research is done, In 1961 Faculty of Pediatrics was made in 1974 the Faculty of Dentistry, in 1981 the Faculty of Pharmacy and in 1970 – Faculty of Preventive Medicine which was later renamed to Faculty of Preventive Medicine and Microbiology in 1974. In 2006 it was given the name of Faculty of Nursing.

Bashkir State Medical institute got the validity of the university in 1995. Ufa Medical university becomes a part of Bashkir State Medical University In 2008.

There is a big amount of staff at the BSMU campus which includes more than 7000 reputed understudies inside first-year recruits preparing undergrad preparing, postgraduate preparing, degree upgrade, requalification medicinal preparing, temporary positions, clinical residency, and medicine PhD programs, There are 85 hypothetical and clinical offices with 248 Doctors of Sciences, 610 MDs engaged with the instructive process, Bashkir State Medical University has a college healing centre, an expansive logical library, sports offices, four quarters, a mid-year camp, dental facility, Central research lab, United Center of Simulation-based preparing, Cell Culture Laboratory and many hospitals to practise.

Nowadays Bashkir State Medical University recognized medical campus- staff of specialists in, dermatologists, neurologists, oncologists BSMU closed around 30 Agreements of collaboration with outside establishments, for example, Regensburg University, University of Washington, Universities of previous USSR nations. For over 80 years BSMU has been effectively preparing experts for human services More than 400 remote understudies from 28 nations learn at the Bashkir State Medical University logical and academic work in the guidance of the expert doctors and pharmaceutical professors of the Russian Federation in that time nearly 43 000 doctors of various countries completely moved from there to Bashkir State Medical University. Nowadays, Bashkir state a medical university is a reputed medical and scientific base of Ufa. The clinic has 650 beds. Over 20 a thousand patients from around Russia get treatment, more than 8 thousand 0perations are performed, and about 3 a thousand babies are annually delivered here.

