BASHKIR STATE MEDICAL UNIVERSITY (BSMU) is one of the Top Ten Medical University in Russia leading and known medical university in Russia. The university is hierarchical among the highest ten best medical universities in Russia. Thanks to its simple admission method and cheap fee structure, Bashkir State Medical University is changing into style among international students WHO area unit trying forward to finding out MBBS in Russia.

BSMU was established within the year 1932 and is located in one of the biggest and most stunning cities of Russia – an urban centre. The Russian Ministry of Education has approved the university to coach international students.

Bashkir State Medical University is recognized by numerous medical council bodies together with (MCI) Republic of India, (MMC) Asian country, (GMC) the united kingdom and lots of a lot of, and is noncommissioned with WDOMS.

To date, the university has graduated quite 2500 general practitioners, dentists, and paediatricians, WHO area unit operating in several countries of the globe. As a result, several students from Europe, Asia, geographic area, and different countries area unit currently finding out at Bashkir State Medical University.

Bashkir State Medical University (BSMU) has four hostels that give snug accommodation to all or any international students. All the rooms area unit well-furnished basic amenities like beds, cabinets and lots of a lot of. The room is obtainable on each floor of the hostel wherever students will cook food for themselves.

For security functions, all four hostels area unit underneath the management of a law officer.

There is a reading hall for college kids to check in each hostel. For the physical coaching of scholars, the university includes a gymnasium and fitness hall.

Every year the university organizes numerous cultural programs wherever students area unit inspired to require half in them. The university has an associate degree association for all the Indian students finding out at Bashkir State Medical University, wherever they celebrate numerous Indian festivals like Diwali, Holi, Baisakhi, etc together with different students.

BSMU conducts numerous sports tournaments like soccer, basketball, a global tournament of Cricket, badminton, etc. The university includes a library that has quite 500000 books, among that eighty-fifth of them area unit of special medical literature. The library offers four specialized reading halls with 252 seats and an area of the internet.

During summers, the university conducts a summer sports camp for all the scholars at the picturesque bank of the Belaya stream.

Ufa is that the capital town of Bashkortostan Republic, western Russia. The town is located close to the Belaya (White) stream simply at a lower place its confluence with the urban centre stream.
The initial name of the town was Tura-Tau, which was the name of Capitol Hill it had been standing on. Within the Turkish language, the current name “Ufa” means that “small”. This name was utilized by the bulk of native folks.
The town is taken into account one amongst the biggest industrial centres gift in Russia. The native economy is very smitten by machine-building enterprises together with the fuel and energy business.
The town sometimes experiences heat summers and moderately long and cold winters.
The town is taken into account the biggest transport hub of Russia. The international airdrome of the urban centre provides regular flights to Perm, St. Petersburg, Barcelona, Istanbul, Yekaterinburg, Kazan, Izhevsk, Omsk, Beijing, city, Irkutsk, Moscow, etc.
For native transportation marshrutkas(commonly known as local minicabs), buses, vans, taxi etc. area unit without delay accessible.
There area unit many multi-cuisine restaurants within the town placed in several elements creating it a most popular alternative for International students to check medications in urban centre.
Bashkir state medical University is one of the Best Medical University in Russia and the topmost leading medical university in Russia. Bashkir state medical University is hierarchical among the highest ten medical universities of Russia. Bashkir state medical University is changing into the popular universities among international students owing to its low fee structure and straightforward admission procedure. The establishment of this medication has been coaching students since 1932. Bashkir state medical university may be a member of WHO (World health organization) and well recognized by MCI (Medical Council of India), MMC (Malaysia), GMC (UK) and lots of different countries. Foreign students from quite thirty-five countries area unit presently finding out at Bashkir state medical University. Foreigners will study within the English additionally as within the Russian language per their interests.

Bashkir state medical University has become an oversized and growing centre for undergraduates and postgraduates to finishing their academic programs. Quite 600 schools area unit teaching at the university. Bashkir state medical University has quite 8500 medical students from Russia and foreign countries. Over the year Bashkir state medical University has trained quite thirty-three thousand doctors in numerous departments.

Bashkir State Medical University is one of the top medical college in Russia to practice medicine. The thought about the study in Bashkir state medical university can be the centre of medical and pharmaceutical science of the Ufa Republic. This University is found in an urban centre town. For the last eighty years, Bashkir State Medical University has been coaching specialists for tending, scientific, and education add the sector of skilled medical and pharmaceutical education of the land. Among the Indian students, BMSU is one of the popular Universities for several years to pursue MBBS in Russia.

The faculty of BSMU has noted students and medical practitioners WHO pay attention to teaching, medical, scientific and innovative activity. The University retains the study material and technical resources, coaching facilities, and enormous library stock.
