BASHKIR STATE MEDICAL UNIVERSITY is located in the Ufa city, ufa is the capital city of Bashkortostan Republic territory. The Bashkir state Medical university was founded in year 1932 and before that it was called bashkir medical institute afet that till now it remains same and it is one of the oldest and best medical colleges in Russia for medicine, dental & pharmaceutical courses for international students from all over the world including a large number from India. Medical college in Russia Bashkir State Medical University works under the guidance of the Ministry and health organization of Russia and the Ministry of education Science and Higher Education of Russian colleges. Bashkir state medical university is recognized by the top authority such as WHO (World Health Organization) & MCI (Medical Council of India). Bashkir state medical university has more than 7000 medical students, including more than 1000 international students from over 40 different countries Asia, Europe, east-Asia, about thousand clinical residents & medical faculties of medicine students and approximately 8000 postgraduate professional professors. Currently in Bashkir State Medical University more than 700 students from many states in India are studying MBBS in English medium. Among all of the international aspirants studying at Bashkir state medical university, Indian students comprise the most part of this university. The university has contributed to many government hospitals within the city and for practicing Indian students get to visit most of them during their internship dairy practise from the 1st year only. The university pays equal responsibility to research of work except from the academic training of the students. Indian students can get a lot of benefit from such programs organized by the university and by being a part of them they will get many advantages in medicine under supervision of researchers and best professors. Bashkir State Medical University hold the Top Medical Universities In Russia rank.

MBBS Duration in Bashkir State Medical University

Duration of Course in Bashkir state medical university : 6 Years including 1 year internship
Medium of education : English programs
Eligibility in Bashkir State Medical University

50% marks in PCB in 12th standard or equivalent.
Minimum 17 years age till 31st December of the year of admission.
NEET qualification is must (As per government rules)
Why MBBS in Bashkir State Medical University 

MBBS in Bashkir State Medical University is the best option for those students who want to pursue MBBS in Russia, this university has always become very popular among the Indian students and the students from Asian countries. Especially students from India choose this university due to the affordable cost/ low cost fees of MBBS in Russia offered by the university. Thousands of Medical aspirants from all parts of India choose Bashkir State Medical University for pursuing MBBS Russia. Students from India seek for MBBS admission in Russia on an affordable budget and to become a successful doctor. They want to create a bright future for themselves and it is possible by studying MBBS in Russia. Since the day Bashkir State Medical University was established in Ufa, more than sixteen thousands of students have graduated successfully from there.

Cost of MBBS in Bashkir state medical university

The total MBBS fees in Bashkir State Medical University is very less, it is in the affordable range and budget of any middle class Indian family. The university is very popular due to their low MBBS fees in Russia and very good quality of education as compared to other medical universities in Russia or other countries. Students from more than thirty different countries are currently studying here and are studying medical education in BSMU, Ufa. The duration of MBBS in Bashkir state medical university is 5 years 9months which is often called 6 years in general including the internship year. During the starting 3 years of MBBS at Bashkir state medical university Indian students get theoretical knowledge in many subjects and in the last 3 years of education they are involved in the practical skills. MBBS is completely related to clinical classes and students have to visit various hospitals during this time and practise under the senior doctors. Students interact with patients in  hospitals and report back to their doctors  with their summary and notes which they made while observing the patient.

