Before applying to study medicine in abroad we should get to know about doing MBBS in Russia. So, let us know something about Russia and why it is worth to do MBBS in Russia along with merits and demerits of study MBBS in Russia.

Medical education in Russia is a lifetime opportunity for Indian medical students. According to WHO, Russian medical colleges in top-ranking take approximately 30 positions in the world-class Top Universities in Russia for MBBS. Top Medical Universities in Russia have significantly lower fees as compared to other medical universities in other countries. There are more than 50 medical universities in Russia, which are being recognized by MCI. Everyone is demanding for the best medical universities in Russia. You can find out the list of low fee Best Medical University in Russia for doing MBBS in Russia. If you have a low budget, you can definitely get medical education from Russia.

There is no need to panic if you have scored in your NEET and you did not get MBBS seat in India, then you have a golden opportunity to get medical education from one of the best universities of medical from abroad, you can also fulfill your dreams of becoming a doctor. we provide the best educational counselling and will guide you in a proper way for a different country like MBBS In Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Georgia More. We have been providing educational counselling for the past few years, and we have sent more than 100 medical students abroad in these years.

It is home to some of the oldest and most prestigious medical universities of the world, Russia has been attracting medical students from different countries since last three decades. MBBS is one major course for which young people group from around the corner of the world, every year. The education department of Russia is generally advanced and it is counted among the most literate countries of the world with the literacy rate of 99%. The prominence that the government lays on science and technology has also led to the growth and conservation of high quality education of medical universities in Russia.

The signing of the Bologna agreement have made things even better for international medical students or applicants to Russia since the standard and kind of education provided in the country to the students began to be at equality with that of education in the rest of Europe. The MBBS degree awarded by Russian medical universities were also to be recognized everywhere else in Europe and also in other countries of the world. The main advantages of studying MBBS in Russia are the affordable expenses, recognition of degrees by WHO, MCI and such other international bodies and government health sectors. Total number of doctors and medical study aspirants in Russia would be around ninety lakhs. Candidates who complete their study of MBBS in Russia can also pursue their masters and research centres here since the opportunity for the same are quite good in this country. They have also an other option to opt to return to their home countries and begin practising as professionals doctors.

The study duration of the Medical programs in Russian university is for 5.8 years (nearly 6 years)which is inclusive of a year of preparatory language course. This course also introduces students to the Russian language for the first time through reading and writing and thus aims to help them in communication with the patients during their study duration in the country. It is also provided to fill the gaps that might have occurred in a student’s school education in the past, especially in their gained knowledge regarding science. This also creates a connection between the science studied at intermediate amd high school level and the kind they are about to begin studying in the field of medicine.

Russia medical universities do not have any entrance examination or requirements of paying huge donation to the universities during admission. Their MBBS course curriculum and standards are all superintended by the Ministry of Education and Science. Students are provided with both the options of studying MBBS in both English and Russian language. The average annual tuition fee of Russian medical universities is around 6000 USD which is much less as compared to any other European country’s medical universities. Cost of living can be kept between 100 USD to 150 USD and depends totally upon student’s wish. Most medical colleges have hostel facilities inside the college campus and rented apartments are also located nearby for the students.

Russia is one of the most destined countries that is offering study of medicine to international students as well as they have a very good course structure with lot of MBBS colleges and the best thing is study and colleges are very well established.

