It is the dream of lakhs of Indian medical students to become a doctor one day. Especially in India, where the number of MBBS aspirants are quite large but there is very less few medical seats available. As we all know that there is a big scarcity of doctors in our country. Everyone knows that the scope to earn in the medical field is huge after doing MBBS Abroad or from India. Therefore more and more aspirants appear for various MBBS entrance exams every year, while some of the students try for almost 3-4 years but still do not get MBBS seat where they want. There is only 1 government doctor on almost 11,528 people in India. When we have such fewer doctors then obviously it will lead to such a bad doctor-patient ratio. The problem lies in the large demand for MBBS seats in India but the very low supply of medical facilities to the doctors.

The number of government seats in India for MBBS is just 20,000 in the year 2016. The number of students who appear for medical entrance exams is more than 10 lakhs. This means only about 2 per cent of students get admission for MBBS in government medical colleges in India. According to a recent survey by various news department like The Times of India, 99.4% of all candidates fail NEET every year. Against this, about almost 20% of Indian medical students who study MBBS from outside of India and appear for the MCI screening test become a doctor every year. While there are about 40,000 private MBBS seats in India, they are disfigured by poor quality education, missing or no faculty provided, and the bulk of donations.

It is not confidential that most private medical colleges demand more than 40 Lakh for just providing admission in MBBS through management quota. There is not everyone that can afford such high university fees. Added to this is the tuition fee of every medical university in India which ranges between ₹8-12 Lakhs per year. This means that college fees alone would cost you about 40-60 lakh rupees per annum. And adding your accommodation, food, books, travelling, other expenses and you will find yourself burning a hole in your pocket with the expense of above 1 crore in total 5 years of MBBS practice from a private medical college in India.

There is no guarantee that good hospitals will provide you with a job offer that will make you earn well. Most times it does not happen. So, the best way to go about your MBBS studies and to accomplish your dream of becoming a successful doctor is by doing MBBS Abroad in Russia.

Thousands of Indian Medical students face the major problem of getting admission to a top and best medical University abroad for pursuing MBBS. Only some students manage to clear the Indian medical NEET exam and only a few of them can pass the exam by reserving medical seats in government colleges while others keep on searching for alternatives in private medical colleges or others. Middle- class Indian family cannot afford the high donation of fees in private medical schools. So in such a situation of dilemma, they come searching for foreign medical universities which provide a career solution for every Indian medical student. Most of the Russia Medical College in specific countries are offering MBBS course and other medical programs at a very reasonable price which is truly no longer the case in Indian MBBS universities.

Some of the countries like China, Ukraine, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Russia nowadays offer high-quality medical education at very affordable prices. Every year students from diverse countries like every corner of India, Nepal etc are prepared to study MBBS in Russia from overseas nations. Some of the top selected countries by the students are the countries like Ukraine, Russia, China, Georgia, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan. The medical Universities offering MBBS by these particular countries are all approved by major organizations like WHO, UNESCO and MCI. The standard of medicine study is followed following the International syllabus in almost all countries.

The quality of medical education provided in abroad universities is quite better and satisfactory which is not less in comparison to Indian medical Universities. Students not only prefer affordable medical education but also the best quality of MBBS education matters provided in the medical colleges abroad. The Admission criteria of Medicine in Russia is quite simple and easy. The major advantages of studying in such Universities is that there is no need to give any entrance exams or clear any English speaking test like IELTS and TOEFL to take admission.

Most of the Top Medical Universities In Russia offer 6 years of Medical program abroad, which includes 1 year of Internship. After completing their MBBS course Abroad, the students only have to complete these important steps like clear the MCI screening test and complete at least 1 year of medical practice (Internship) from India.

After all the process is completed, if the student is interested in studying post-graduate then he can apply for USMLE exams from the USA.
