1.   Direct  and easy  Admission process/ Direct Admission In Top Universities In Russia–

Russian Medical Universities offer no entrance exam and the free merit admission system for International students. All students who have passed secondary school (12th) a certificate with 60 per cent have right to Study MBBS in Russia Academic Year 2020-2021.

Requirements for undergraduate programs / Study MBBS in Russia 2020:
For Medicine course, Dentistry course, Pharmacy course, Pediatrics course, Nursing course, Vet course. For admission in medical course related studies, students must have studied the following subject with other subjects in 11th and 12th at their respective schools.

 Biology
 Chemistry
 Physics
MBBS ADMISSIONS OPEN FOR 2020-2021, for admission 60 percentage specific marks or grades are required in the above subjects for admission. They accept MBBS in Russia for Indian Students 2020 and register them in MCI and WHO recognized universities for admission.

2.     Best and Top Medical Universities in Russia

Russian Medical Universities occupies almost 50 positions amongst top 100 Medical Universities across the world according to the WHO and MCI.

Bashkir state Medical University
People’s Friendship University.
Altai State Medical University.
Ulyanovsk State Medical University
Kazan Federal University.
Crimea State Medical University.
Kursk State medical university.
Smolensk State Medical University.
Ryazan State Medical University.
Orenburg State Medical University.
3.     MBBS in Russia Fee-2020/Low-cost fees

Medical Education in Russia duration is 5.8 years (approx to 6 years). In many Medical universities of Russia, the medium of education is English (MBBS Program in Russia in English Language) for the six-year duration for international students. But in some Medical universities, the course is taught in the bilingual pattern – which means for some years education will be in English and the rest in Russian medium. Students should not choose such universities. The full MBBS in Russia Fee-2020 ranges between ₹16.50-50 lakhs. The tuition fee can be paid in once or semester wise twice in a year. However, there will be other expenses such as Indian mess fee, hostel charges, flight charges. Overall budget required to study MBBS in Russia Fee-2020 ₹20-30 lakh.

4.     Medical education in Russia for Indians

Medical education In Russia for Indian students provides a high-quality education at a low and affordable cost. This is beneficial and best opportunity for many aspirants who aim to become a successful doctor at a low expense. Getting admission to Russian Medical colleges is very easy as there is no entrance exam conducted. Medical study In Russia for Indian students provides the best atmosphere with numerous chances for students who wish to pursue their medical course and peaceful surroundings help students to gain more knowledge with proper understanding.

5.      Choosing best education consultants

 Studying MBBS in a country like Russia needs proper planning and consulting career planning which includes university selection, admission process, travelling process and much more. (Education consultant for Russia in Delhi) We have best counselors who will guide you about the best matches for your career aspirations and requirements, which university will suit you the best. Keeping best and top Russian medical universities in mind, we try our best to guide you and make you a successful doctor in Russia.

Our Education consultant for Russia is for those Indian students who are looking for guidance for studying MBBS in Russia or any other country all over the world. 
