MBBS in Russia is a highly preferred course by medical students as it is one of the most reputed career options. So not only are the medical specialists are well paid but it is also for the practitioners to make huge differences in other people’s lives as they are known to be the saviours. Despite India having one of the best medical universities to Study MBBS Abroad In Russia and a great market supporting the field of medicine, the number of students applying for medical universities in abroad has increased in the past few years. The most genuine reason being, the cut-throat competition in government medical colleges in India and profligacy of private medical institutions.

In recent years, medical aspirants have realised that despite not getting a preferred medical seat in one of the MBBS colleges in India, they can still fulfil their dream of becoming a doctor from doing MBBS in abroad. The foremost reason for the same is that the tuition fees of medical colleges in Russia are very low as compared to that of Indian medical colleges. In fact, the MBBS fees of many Russian medical colleges are affordable than that of private medical institutions in India. There is not any kind of hidden fees at the time of the admission process. Also, the Russia Medical College are MCI and WHO approved.

Also finding a medical university or a country for that matter, that will suit your preferences can turn out to be a laborious task because of the variations in the medical education systems of different countries.

While many countries provide MBBS degree programmes for international candidates as well, in this article we have covered the Low-Cost MBBS in Russia where the tuition fees for MBBS course in different universities is reasonable. Also, there are many universities where the admission process is uncomplicated for international medical students and the medical colleges in Russia are approved by the Medical Council of India (MCI) and World Health Organisation (WHO).

Study of MBBS in Russia is incredibly popular among Indian medical students seeking MBBS in Abroad. MBBS in Russia is very cost-friendly as Best Medical University In Russia charge low tuition fees and high-quality education to all their students.

Many MBBS colleges in Russia is rated among the list of Top Medical college in Russia and in whole Europe and are counted among best medical colleges in all over the World. Russia MBBS colleges have been training Indian medical candidates in Russia since from more than 3 decades, and many Indian students have completed their graduation in MBBS course from Russia. MBBS colleges in Russia at a very low cost and graduated students are working in India with the world’s leading medical organizations. There are more than 6000 Indian students in Russia who have completed MBBS in Russia and are currently working globally. Russia also offers Indian students to stay back in Russia and complete their further studies in the field of medicine like MS / MD in Russia and henceforth practice Medicine in Russia as well.

Many Indian MBBS students in Russia have permanently settled in this country and to other European countries and operating with the world’s leading medical organizations as well as research sector. Hence students also get an opportunity to live and enjoy the European lifestyle and culture.

There are lots of MCI approved medical universities in Russia and hence MBBS in Russia is fully approved by MCI and students can study MBBS in Russia and work in India after successfully appearing and clearing the MCI Screening Test (FMGE) after completing MBBS study from Russia.

Russian medical colleges offer full MBBS course in very pocket-friendly fees as compared to other developed countries like the USA, Europe or even India. Medical education in Russia is highly subsidized by their government and hence the low cost of education helps students to study higher education in medicine at a very fundamental cost.

Russia MBBS colleges do not have any criteria like clearance of entrance examination or requirements of paying donation during the whole admission process. Their course curriculum and levels are all superintended by both the Ministry of Education and Science. Students are provided with the two options of studying MBBS in both English and Russian language. The average annual tuition fee of almost Russian medical universities is around 6000 USD which is much less compared to any other European country. Cost of living and accommodation can range between 100 USD to 150 USD if a student wishes too. Most medical universities provide students with hostel facilities and rented apartments which are located nearby.

Pos
