Ukraine is known for the best medical education and has become the most popular MBBS abroad destinations for International students. It is a country located in Europe. If we talk about MBBS in Ukraine duration is 5.8 years which is equivalent to almost 6 years of a medical study. In every medical university, the medium of teaching is English for the whole duration of MBBS education for international medical students. The whole university fee ranges between ₹15-22.50 lakh in Indian Rupees. The tuition fee has to be paid yearly or students can even pay it in instalment according to their semesters held yearly. Minimum total cost for studying MBBS in Ukraine will cost you up to ₹25-30 lakhs. Naturally, which includes other expenses as well such as hostel fee, Indian mess fee/food, flight charges apart from the university charges. Indian students can get a loan on their education purpose as well. But students are not benefited with the scholarship system and there is no scholarship provided to the students for studying in the medical universities in Ukraine.  The top medical colleges in and universities in Ukraine provide high-quality education and are located in the western part. The Fee cost of Ukraine Medical Colleges are not very expensive and can be easily afforded by the students belonging to any particular country. Although the fees of MBBS Colleges in Ukraine is quite cheap but there is no compromise in the quality of education given by the faculties to the students. The MBBS college in Ukraine has an equal value as compared to MBBS college in Russia. You will find a long list of reputed medical colleges and universities that offer study MBBS in Ukraine. Every college has a different fee structure according to their facilities being provided to the students.

There is no requirement to clear exams (IELTS, TOEFL etc) for MBBS admission in Ukraine. However, you must be NEET qualified in the current or in the past two years. As well as, you must have obtained 50% marks (40% for SC/ST/OBC) in 12th board examination for admission in Ukraine.

Some of the medical universities in Ukraine rank among the top-500 universities in the world. In terms of FMGE result which is conducted by MCI, Ukraine has given an overall better result than any other most popular MBBS abroad destinations. Teachers of medical universities in Ukraine have very elaborate knowledge, they focus on practical study and teach accordingly to the students. FMGE passing percentage is quite high as per the results every year. The best medical education is being provided in Ukraine for about the last 75 years or more. The medium of teaching is English and this will allow foreign students to understand the study course clearly. Once you will qualify your MCI screening test, you will be eligible and licensed to practice medicine further in your home country. There are many of our students who have completed their MBBS study and have applied for MCI registration are now well-settled doctors in their own countries
