Study medicine in Russia is very famous amongst foreigners for a long time. A wide variety of programs and a lot of opportunities to pass an internship at good hospitals and clinics. Another compelling argument for Russian education is financial the Russian state medical university fee for international students and Russian citizens do not differ much for Indian students the fees are very low. Whereas in Europe the tuition fee is higher for the foreigners including India, India charges a lot for medical studies. High quality of education in combination with a low cost makes it attractive. Finally, a study in Russia is considered prestigious in the world. A student  who had completed medicine in Moscow or any other major Russian city is in demand and can successfully find a job.

MBBS in Russia is at very low cost. It is a golden opportunity  for those Indian medical students who have tried their best but failed to get admission into an Indian medical college.  But no need to get dipressed, as several MBBS universities in Russia are offering 6 Years MBBS course in Russia for local as well as overseas students. All you need to do is to secure 60% marks (45% for SC/ST/OBC candidates) in 12th standard with science stream, and you should have a valid passport and NEET qualified score card to study MBBS abroad. No donation,no capitation fees, no entrance tests, Russia welcomes Indian students to pursue MBBS abroad.Are you worried with the high costs of Medical education in India? No need to think that much about the cost now you will be able to pursue MBBS in Russia within 14 lakhs to 20 lakhs INR (around USD 4000 to USD 6000 per year). University Hostels are  available for Indian as well as all international students who have chosen to study MBBS abroad, making MBBS in Russia more affordable with an low budget cost of around USD 200 to USD 300 (10000 to 15000 INR) per month. Russia Medical College, If you  want to study MBBS in Russia, choose a reputed and trusted counselor to guid you to get MBBS admission in Russia without any problem

They provide Quality Medical Education with Vast practical exposure.
High technology devices and other advanced technologies are used by the students to widen their horizon and change their perspective in their academic career and get better practical skills.
Students get the opportunity to participate in various social and extra-curricular activities which make their environment happy and peaceful..
Comfortable, safe and secure accommodation, Russia is the safest country in Europe.
Availability of Indian food at a very affordable price, you can choose for Indian mess also.
Indian student represent themselves at the University in various functions to facilitate the growth of enrolled Indian students and help them to study in a conducive environment
International students will get  furnished hostel rooms with central heating and cooling system with laundry facility inside only.
Why you should MBBS Study in Russia:
There are thousands of students from India and other continents who reach Russia to make a successful career in the field of medicine and to become a successful doctor.
Medical students may have their own thoughts on studying MBBS in Russia, Top Ten Medical University In Russia but the most common reasons for the same are:
Affordable and low university tuition fees, very much lesser than that of in India
Global exposure to the students
Advanced and high technology in the hospitals and field of medicine
No donations for admission in Russian medical colleges
No entrance exams are required for MBBS admission in Russia
English as the main language  of education in many MCI-approved Russian universities.
Top-notch medical universities
MCI-approved universities
Globally recognized degrees
A good reputation of Russian education the system in the world
A perfect  theory and practice in MBBS
