Russia is considered as one of the first opted destinations for Indian medical students to pursue Study In Russia For MBBS. Having a glance at the advance growth in medical and technological research field, developed infrastructure of the campus, affordable cost of Medical education in Russia supported by the Russian Federation, it has continued to remain the one of the best country to study medicine.Most of the Best Universities In Russia For MBBS and Medical college in Russia are listed in the top organization Medical Council of India (MCI), World Health Organisation (WHO), FAIMER  in the USA and other medical councils in the world. The medical qualification from Top Universities In Russia For MBBS is accepted in all countries across the world. Most of the students after completing graduation in Russia can pursue post-graduation after their graduation complete in USA, UK, and Canada, Germany, Russia or any other European countries, you can also pursue your post-graduation in Russia. MBBS in Russia is opted by Indian students from Uttar Pradesh and many other state boards, ICSE and CBSE boards. The MBBS In Russia Duration is only of 5.8 years. MBBS fees in Russia are very low and affordable which is cheaper than the cost of education in many other European countries. The students are  are also offered scholarships by the Russian federation and medical universities for deserving and top class students. Most of the top medical college in Russia have medical faculty to teach medical programs in English medium to the students .Best Medical College In Russia | Top Ten Medical University In Russia | MBBS in Russia

Kazan State Medical University, Kazan Russia
Crimea Federal University, Crimea Russia
Rostov State Medical University, Rostov Russia
Kazan Federal University, Kazan Russia
Volgograd State Medical University, Volgograd Russia
Kursk State Medical University, Kursk Russia
Peoples’ Friendship University. Moscow Russia
Ulyanovsk Medical University, Ulyanovsk oblast Russia
Far Eastern Federal University, Russia
Bashkir State Medical University, Ufa Russia
Duration of Studying Medical Course in Russia

The total MBBS In Russia Duration is 5.8 years for the students who have chosen English as their medium of studies mostly from India.
The MBBS in Russia duration is 6.8 years for those who have chosen Russian as their medium because one year of Russian language class.
As per surveys students who chosen English as their medium are also taught Russian for local communication.
The medium of Knowledge While Studying MBBS in Russia

There are 2 mediums of acknowledgement – English medium and Russian medium. Mostly Indian students opt for English medium.
There are also some medical universities in Russia which offer medicine courses in English medium for the international students and also taught the Russian language.
Although you can keep in mind that to learn the Russian language is needed, as it important during the clinical years in which you can communicate to the patient in their native language.
Eligibility Criteria for Indian students   to pursue MBBS in Russia

These are eligible criteria to take direct  admission for MBBS in Russia is:

You should be at minimum 17 years old and at least 26 years old on or before 31st December of the admission of the year.
You have completed you 12th standard with Science side with physics, chemistry, bio and English subjects with the minimum passing 50%, from a board recognized by the Indian authorities.
You have secured at least 50% in PCB in 12th standard exams
If you are SC/OBC/ST then you should have secured 45% in 12th Standard PCB exam.
You have qualified NEET the compulsory exam.
Required Documents for MBBS Admission in Russia

The Indian valid Passport which has a minimum of 3 months of validity and after that visa extension in Russia.
10th Certificate and Mark Sheet attested.
12th Certificate and Mark Sheet attested.
Birth Certificate which must be notarized.
Attested documents, photos.
Visa form
Immigration Clearance is must:

The student must present the following documents to the Immigration Office:

International Passport with Valid Student Visa at least a minimum of 3 months.
Scanned copy of Invitation the letter, not photo
Scanned Copy of Admission Letter, not photo
First-year expenses are exposed within the Admission Letter which is in cash as tuition fee which is already paid by the students, a student should have a bank transfer receipt with him.
School-leaving, 12th standard Certificate these all should be Apostilled or legalized by the government stamp from the Embassy of the Russian Federation.
HIV/ Aids test Result and Certificate.
12 visa size photos matt not glossy.
