Russia Medical College graduate thousands of international students every year which can successfully practice in more than 100 countries the world over including India. Medicine has become one of the most popular and demanded study directions selected by international students at Russian medical universities. Medical college in Russia holds a quite rich history of training in medical fields and departments. The very first and foremost medical college in Russia was Apothecary Chancery which was set up in the 17th century. At current, medical education is provided by more than 70 Russian universities which are listed among the top 100 medical colleges all across the globe/ Top Ten Medical University In Russia.

Length of further medical study depends on which medical speciality you are opting. If we explain it by example, bachelor’s degree in nursing care is completed after four years of study. And if you go for a surgeon’s diploma it will require eight to nine years of study. In the United States, medical students study for 12 to 18 years to achieve their specialization degree. Medical training lasts for about ten years in Great Britain and eight to ten years in Germany country. A medical bachelor’s diploma in Canada requires four years of study at a medical college, and as many at a university. It is followed by three to four year of internship which is depending on speciality.

In Russia for entering a medical university to study MBBS in Russia is only possible after finishing your 12th. The Top Universities In Russia For MBBS offer programmes in both Russian and English language. Every international student is unfamiliar to the Russian language and can not speak Russian, they can learn it at a preparatory department which the university provides or can take a language course at various leading medical universities in Russia. Aside from learning to speak the Russian language, these preparatory departments train international students in other co-curricular activities which help them to remain active because they believe in all-rounder students,

The Russian government has subsidized medical education cost in Russia by 60-70% which leads to Low Cost MBBS In Russia. As compared to other western and European countries, the tuition fees for doing MBBS in Russia medical colleges is lower as compared to many other countries. The Russian medical universities occupy almost 30 positions amongst the top 100 ranking medical universities in the world according to the World Health Organization(WHO). All the Russian medical universities are listed among the WHO and MCI so if a student who gets MBBS degree from Russia can practise anywhere in the world including India after qualifying FMGE. From the past 15-20 years, the country has seen a huge increment in the MBBS admission in Russia of international students that are coming to study MBBS in Russia. Every year thousands of Indian students graduate from various popular Russian medical colleges. Indians those who are completing their MBBS in Russian universities do not face a problem while appearing and qualifying for the MCI screening test which is being conducted in India, because universities keep up-to-date with the syllabus of the screening test, and they teach students according to that syllabus right from the first year of the MBBS course itself. High-standard education with lots of hands-on experience in the hospitals and clinical field is what attracts aspiring medical students to study MBBS in Russia. Russia is fully a safe and secure country further medical studies for Indian students. The MBBS In Russia Duration  in English Medium is of 6years. Also, students have an option of opting MBBS in the Russian language and the duration of which is 7 years which includes 1 year of learning the Russian Language.

