Russia is a European country covering about 17 lakh square kilometres land area. It is the world’s largest country containing a population of 150 million. The European or we can say western part of the Russian Federation is densely populated in which Russian population is about 76 per cent out of the total population. Moscow is the capital city which lies in this part of the region. Majority of the people living here belongs to the Christians.

Russia has several highly experienced physicians as well as hospitals compared to any other country in the world with respect to per capita basis. The Russian currency which is Ruble is having almost the same currency value as that of Indian Rupees. The total duration of pursuing MBBS in Russia is for 6 years. The academic year in Russia starts in the month of September and follows similar semester system like in India. Russia is known for providing healthcare facilities to the students also to people all across the globe. It has the largest number of medical universities which is providing the study of medicine in Russia for the past 200 years. Being the pioneer of medical education, most of the medical colleges have high standards of teaching MBBS in Russia. There are lots of Indians who choose to study MBBS in Russia because of its long history in the field of medicine.

Why MBBS in Russia?

Most of the medical universities in Russia are MCI Approved and all Russian Colleges are Government run Colleges.
MBBS Abroad tuition fees are low-cost fees in Russia because the Russian Government provides an education subsidy for students because of its a healthy relationship with India.
There is a Direct Admission to Russia Medical College– No Entrance exam to take admission in Best Medical College in Russia.
There are 56 Russian Medical Universities which are being listed in Medical Council of India and World Health Organization. An Indian student who studies MBBS in Russia can also practice in India.
Indian students are also taught the Russian language so that they can communicate skillfully with Russian patients who make visits to the hospital during their clinical practice.
Russian Medical Universities (Medical college in Russia)have good Indian student strength. Indian Canteens are also available in the hostel.
Indian students those who have completed their MBBS degree in Russia are currently working in many developed and developing countries such as the United States of America, Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, India, etc
European Standard of Living
We assure you 100% Guaranteed Visa.
Our educational consultants provide you with the proper guidelines of other advantageous reasons for Indian medical students to choose Russia as a preferred destination instead of China, Ukraine or the Philippines. Russia has much more reputed and well-established medical universities as compared to any other countries.

The faculties provided in Russian universities are way more experienced and are accustomed to deal with international students with warmth. The student-teacher ratio in Russian medical universities is also ideal for an insightful and encyclopaedic study of all medical subjects. There is a healthy student-teacher ratio, the students who study medicine in Russia have a better understanding of all medical subjects. equipment, procedures, and clinical situations.

