Russia was a part of the oblast Union in the year of 1923 to 1991 and the government was based on collectivism rule. But the government has been changed to democratic rule now. The country is known for minerals and is rich in oil and mineral gas. Russia has many forest reserves around the world. The two biggest cities named Moscow and Saint Petersburg of Russia and also Moscow is the capital of Russia. The currency of Russia is called the ruble which is somewhere equivalent to Indian Rupee. The people of this country are all well educated and qualified so the literacy rate is 99%. The country has several good restaurants and pubs to offer food good and drinks.
As you all know that Medical Education in Russia is famous for Indian students because any student can easily get admission only based on marks scored in 12th standard. There are no criteria for taking the entrance test for taking admission in Russian medical universities and also the low-cost fees of Russian medical colleges, List of MBBS Universities In Russia. The highest fee structure for doing MBBS in Russia lies in between 20 lacs to 25 Lacs of the whole six years course. There are at least thousands of medical students enrol themselves every year in Russia MBBS colleges. All the Medical Universities in Russia are recognized by WHO and MCI so that if the students after completing their MBBS course from Russian medical college can practice anywhere in the world including India as a doctor. All the top medical universities of Russia use all modern technologies of guiding and new equipment’s in labs to provide the best education to the students. Students from all across the globe wish to study MBBS in Russia. The official language is Russian used by the local people of Russia. In universities and schools of Russia, the English language is used as the main language of Instruction. The Russian language is also being taught alongside the students as it is included as a mandatory subject to deal with patients there and makes it easier for the students to communicate with the patients. Total hostel facilities are being provided to the students who come from India and also from other countries in Top Medical Universities In Russia. There is a separate hostel or floor in hostels that are reserved only for Indian students. Students also get MCI training during the whole MBBS course and also medical professors are being hired from India to provide MCI coaching especially for Indian medical students.
All MBBS students in Russia get Medical Insurance for all courses opted and get full medical treatment whenever they need. Students get full training for MCI screening test which is held in India during the medical course and professors are well aware of the MCI screening syllabus so they teach accordingly. Study medical college in Russia is quite easy  for a medical student because any student from all over the globe can take direct MBBS Admission without clearing any entrance exam. Russian Government provides a subsidy for education that is why Low Cost MBBS In Russia. The average MBBS fee in Russia medical college is in between 2.5 Lakhs to 5 Lakhs per year. All Russian Medical Universities are all government, there are no private institutes situated and are listed in WHO and MCI so a student getting an MBBS degree from Russia can practise in India after clear MCI screening test. Students from all over the globe go to Russia to study MBBS and to make their future bright and fulfil their dreams of becoming a doctor. All medical universities in Russia provide quality medical education and practical knowledge to the students.
