All TOP  UNIVERSITIES IN RUSSIA FOR MBBS provide students with well-equipped laboratories and classrooms. Teaching methods are included with various tools and techniques adopted are of remarkably high quality. This advanced method enables the student to establish and achieve a successful medical career in any country on the globe. The first semester at RUSSIA MEDICAL COLLEGE starts in September and continues till January.

Russia is taken into account because of the favorite country for perusal MBBS. the explanations square measure several however the quantity one and therefore the reason in most of the cases is that the proven fact that it’s a very cheap country to try to MBBS from. Not simply cheap however the country uses the up so far and prime strategies and techniques within the medical study that additionally makes it the required alternative for the scholars following MBBS. If we tend to quote the numbers, the over ten thousand students square measure presently following their medical degree in Russia and around two thousand Indian students complete their MBBS degree per annum from Russia. The good half is that the Russian establishments of bioscience that square measure listed underneath WHO square measure well recognized by the MCI that stands for the medical council of India. As aforesaid higher than, it’s one in every of the cheap country to pursue MBBS from that makes the Indian student pursue their degree from Russia and higher than this, the great relations between India and Russia makes the Indian students feel softer within the country as they often don’t face any racism within the country.

MBBS in Russia is an exceptional option for all international medical candidates especially Indian medical students. After qualifying the NEET in India, the real struggle begins when there is less availability of MBBS seats in Government medical colleges or demand for the huge amount of donations/capitation fees by the Indian students, due to which Indian students are left with few options only. Either they have to prepare again from the starting for NEET the next year or quit the dream of becoming a doctor. So as a rising star, Russia has come out to be the only best option for all international students, which gives all those benefits to the aspiring MBBS students who can only be dreaming of in India.

About Medical Universities-

All the BEST UNIVERSITIES IN RUSSIA FOR MBBS are much ancient as compared to any other country’s medical Universities and are known to have been maintaining the old heritage of Russia along with the delivery of the best quality medical education at an affordable cost for a longer period of time.

Globally recognized degrees- All the BEST MEDICAL UNIVERSITY IN RUSSIA offers the medical program (MBBS), that are globally recognized, join with World Directory of Medical Schools (WDOMS), and are approved by the Medical Council of India (MCI), World Health Organization (WHO), IMED and other general medical councils. Which further allows the students to continue practicing their medical career in any country including India.

Feasible Cost for Education- One of the huge factors that are responsible for the approval of studying MBBS in Russia among Indian students, is its cost of studying medical education. It is quite tough to find this quality of education at an affordable cost in India, but Russian medical universities will provide you with the facility of a subsidized fee structure. Unlike India, the student can STUDY MEDICINE IN RUSSIA for a cost as low as 2.5-3 lakhs per annum which is a great return on speculations.

Affordable Cost of Living- As an Indian student or parent, you are always worried about the accommodation & food facilities at the Russian Medical University. Living in Russia is quite cheap and affordable for the students and never weighs heavy on parent’s pockets.

Medical Insurance- RUSSIAN MBBS COLLEGE provide the student with medical insurance and this covers all costs of their medical treatments whenever they require during their stay in Russia.

Advanced teaching techniques: Many foreign countries provide modern and better teaching techniques to educate international students. Comparatively, these new learning methods totally impress the present generation who choose to study in the Top Medical Universities in Russia. Medical Universities of Russia have well-equipped laboratories with world-class facilities which provide a good atmosphere for doing studies and research as well.

Skilled & Profession Faculty- Teachers at the Russian Medical Universities are highly expertise, well-trained and professional in their department of study. Guidance through these experts trainee gives a unique vision and learning to the students. These faculty members are more experienced and familiar with handling international student matters in a much better way as compared to others. Another great benefit is that all the medical professors teaching MBBS in Russia are very well known for the English language.

Excellent Student-Teacher Ratio-Though the student-teacher ratio is always irregular in Indian medical colleges, but in Russia, it is magnificent for the students i.e. 1:7. Here they get a chance for personal direction with the skilled faculty members, thus allowing teachers to give individual attention to every student present in the class.
