If a student wishes to study MBBS abroad, particularly study MBBS in Russia instead of studying MBBS in India in a top medical university then you are at the right search. Our best educational consultants are here to provide you with detailed information about Russian culture, education, student life, study programs, fee structure and everything else you need to know.

Russia is a very old, renowned and magnificent destination for studying MBBS in abroad. Indian medical students have been going to study MBBS from Russia Medical College for over the past 25 years or above. Each of the world-class medical university of Russia provides you with high-quality education to every student at a very reasonable cost. Over thousands of Indian students take their MBBS degree from one of the top medical universities in Russia each year.

Russia has now become one of the best study destinations to pursue MBBS in Abroad. A large number of these aspirants are from India country. Actually, MBBS in India has become extremely complicated and expensive. Thus, over the past two decades, there has been a significant increase in the number of medical students in India travelling to study MBBS in Russia.

According to some estimates, it has been found that a huge part of doctors that has been practising medicine in India actually owned the degree of MBBS from Best Medical College In Russia by studying MBBS in abroad. So, Russia has become one of the most extensively chosen places to study MBBS by Indian medical students. Almost each of the top medical college in Russia is recognized by international medical bodies like MCI, WHO. All Russia medical universities have a well structured and globally recognized curriculum for studying medicine. MBBS in India gets completed within a duration of four and a half years. However, the total duration of studying MBBS in Russia is a period of almost six years that includes one entire year of internship. The medical program in Russia is being taught in both English as well as the Russian language. It is up to students, they can select their medium of teaching as per their preference. However, the MBBS study programs and their respective fees in all different languages differ from one university to another.

Indian medical aspirants with a low budget need not get disappointed. If they cannot get admission for MBBS in India, they can study MBBS in Russia. They can pursue their dream degree at very low-cost if they study MBBS in Russia. Even if they have secured low in academics, they can still enroll themselves to study MBBS in Russia in any one of the best medical university. The high-quality of education provided during the whole MBBS study in Russia is very cost-friendly for international students. This is exactly opposite to the case of doing MBBS in India. There is also another huge merit of studying MBBS in Russia because studying in Russia is literally no need of clearing any kind of entrance exam for admission in Top Ten Medical University In Russia. This is so unlike to MBBS in India which demands students to appear in various kinds of difficult entrance examinations with few availabilities of government medical seats.

However, the National Eligibility Entrance Test (NEET) is mandatory to apply to study medicine in Russia. NEET is must appear for medical education for both doing MBBS in India as well as MBBS in Russia. The Indian Health Ministry and the Medical Council of India have made it compulsory for medical students to qualify NEET to get enrol for pursuing MBBS in a foreign university if the student has to practice in India. Thus, if you want to study MBBS in Russia, you must have to clear NEET.

All the medical students who are currently pursuing their MBBS degree and further medical courses in Russia are given the best facilities on the university campus. The accommodation that is provided to the Indian students is quite good and meets high standards. The hostels of Russia medical colleges are well secured with a 24-hour security system. The hostel rooms are fulfilled with the basic facilities like air conditioning, heating, water supply, hygienic food and laundry, kitchen.

The major decision of students who want to take up medicine as their career and to become a doctor confuses them whether to continue their studies in India or anywhere abroad. Abroad is definitely an answer because studying MBBS in abroad has become the latest trend in Indian medical students. The main reason being the medical course from foreign universities are more economical and affordable for Indian candidates. A major reason we go for higher education in abroad is to get a job that will brighten up our future and make your life financially stable. If you complete the MBBS course from Russia, you have dual options either to practice there or in India. Mostly all among the Russian medical colleges have affiliates departments which will help studnets to get a placement in top rated hospitals of Russia.

