Altai State Medical University is situated in Russia, it is administered by the Russian federal organization and education ministry of Russia. Altai state medical university is also approved by the world health organization (WHO) and (MCI) Medical Council of India. Altai State Medical University which is recognized by Medical Council of India (MCI) comes in Top Ten Medical University in Russia. It was established in the year 1954 and it is located beside the famous river ob in the Western Siberian Part of Barnaul city in Russia.

Altai State Medical University gives admission to General Medicine (MBBS/MS) in English medium fully affiliated with the course. In Altai state medical university each and every class have a batch of 8-10 student’s so that the professor can give full attention to each and every student and also the MBBS admission in Altai State Medical University start in May month of every year to October and is very easy. It comes under the government medical council and students can get direct admission in university without giving any exam for this university.  Altai State Medical University is taking foreign students admission since 2000 and now-days more than 6000 students from a different country like India, Egypt, Afghanistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, China, Morocco etc are pursuing MBBS here.

For pursuing MBBS at Altai State Medical University all you required is to qualify the NEET exam in India and 60% marks in 12th standard and the age of the candidate must be 17 years or above. Altai state medical university is nearby the Moscow city and from Moscow, you can travel there by direct flight to Altai. In Altai State Medical University classes, groups and lecture halls are well maintained, they have the 2nd largest library where all medical book in English and Russian language are available, labs for particles and hospitals for hand practice.

Altai State Medical University has many years of experience and they have qualified and best medical specialities doctors and faculties. Altai State Medical University has more than sixty departments for teaching and every year more than 500 students take admission in this respected university from India. More than 800 students from all over the globe come here to take admission in different departments like MBBS, BDS, Pharmacy, MS. Altai State Medical University is training doctors for primary health care from a very long period of time, as well as for the specialized medical departments, centres and federal research of high profile medical care.

In Altai State Medical University there are around 500 highly qualified professors and doctors around more than 600 medical aspirants of different countries in Russia. MBBS fees structure of Altai State Medical University is very low and in the budget which is affordable for the normal students and they can pay fees easily in instalment every year.

Altai State Medical University is providing almost each and every medical facility to the foreign as well as Russian students. Altai State Medical University have a very high-quality education for medical aspirants.

