Medical education In Russia for Indians
Study medication in Russia: Russia is among the foremost reasonable and well-liked destination within the world for international medical students from Europe, Asia, Africa and America and Australia. According to a survey, many international student demands, most of the medical Universities of medication have introduced English medium of medical studies (medicine, dentistry, pharmacy and many more).
Medical study In Russia has been attracting international students for years. Throughout the communist regime, international students ware finding out in Russia because of Russian tuition fees and students were from developing courtiers. Today, international students square measure finding out in Russian on their own finance and square measure from everywhere the world; English and French programmes are introduced in some university programmes.
The universities and institutes supply outstanding services to the foreign students so they will enrol themselves with none hassles. Besides this, you’ll be able to save a substantial quantity of cash of you following the medical courses from Russia.
Russian Medical University tuition fees/ Russia Medical College Fees square measure lower compared with those in different countries, and therefore the standards of coaching square measure at an awfully smart level and perpetually approved. Russia Medical College Fees Structure is very low, this makes Russian medical universities a lot of engaging to international medical students and really competitive among international medical Universities.
MBBS ADMISSIONS OPEN FOR 2020–2021 and education are and stay one in all those leading establishments in Medical studies. The books and textbooks issued in Russian medical faculties are translated into dozens of languages. Russian degrees have gained international recognition and lidded United Nations agency and WHO ratings.
Why finding out medication in Russia?
 Simple application and admission procedure,
 Admission by application file choice, while not entrance exams,
 Proven prime quality of education and glorious educational standards,
 Affordable and low fees od medicine study and living expenses,
 Several international means of transport like trams, bus, minibus and taxi (easy accessible geographic located),
 International authorised universities and recognised degrees,
 Good facilities at universities,
 Russian medical degrees square measure recognized everywhere the planet, by WHO, UNESCO, etc.
 Possibility of finding out in English,
 Several opportunities for clinical exposure at university-run hospitals,
 International safe medical study surroundings,
 Easy student visa application method,
Russian medical study necessities
High school certificate: the possible student should have gotten his high school diploma (certificate). higher if he has passed with Minimum five hundredth of marks in Physics, Chemistry and Biology. the applying file ought to embody the copy of high school certificate and educational records of results;
Valid passport or different travel documents: a duplicate of this document;
Good health: Medical certificate stating general health condition, X-ray and HIV check results from the State Hospital;
Birth certificate;
Application form;
Medical tuition fees in Russian
Russian medical studies square measure most likely the most cost-effective in Europe. the schooling fees vary from university to college and from completely different specialities.
Russian Medical Universities
ADMISSION TO MEDICAL faculties
 General Medicine: 4-(graduate) & 6-year program
 Veterinary Medicine: 6-year program
 Dentistry: five to a 6-year program
 Pharmacy: five to a 6-year program
 Nursing: three to a 4-year program
 Physiotherapy: three to a 4-year program
 Medical specialisation: three to a 6-year program
