Geography of Kazakhstan:-

Kazakhstan is a beautiful country which have many mountains, deserts, flat-lands and grasslands, With Almaty as its largest and most visited city. Kazakhstan has a gradual increase in the number of Medical students every year as compared to other countries. Kazakhstan is bounded by the Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan from the south, Russia within the north, China within the east, and the Caspian Sea and few parts of Turkmenistan within the west. It has almost thousands miles from the coastline on the Caspian Sea, Kazakhstan is almost the four times of the size of Texas state in the south the central region of the United States.

Medical in Kazakhstan:-

The first thought that comes to our mind when we are thinking about studying MBBS abroad is the pocket-friendly and low fee structure. Most of the students in India have the misconception that going abroad for Medical studies would include a huge amount in terms of course fees, cost of living in a distant land and many other concerns. However, not all European countries universities have high fees for the MBBS Course. Considering  MBBS in Kazakhstan is surprisingly very low cost and affordable for international students from all over the world.

Benefits of studying MBBS in Kazakhstan :–

1. Anyone who wants to pursue MBBS in Kazakhstan, it is important to know that the admission process is very easy and fast unlike in many countries.

2. There is no need for capitation fees or donation fees, the only student has to pay the admission fee.

3. Kazakhstan Medical universities are recognized by governing bodies like WHO, MCI and others.

4. Kazakhstan medical institutes mainly believe in quality education and hence you can find world-class standard education in Kazakhstan Medical universities in terms of highly-qualified professors, well-equipped laboratories, less number of students per professor and many more.

5. Students can find suitable accommodation facilities according to their budget. The cost of living is very low in comparison to other European developed countries.

6. Students also receive great required exposure in medicine field. In the final year, they are given training in hospitals and can also work in clinics run by the universities.

7. Students who receive MBBS degree from medical universities in Kazakhstan are eligible to practice anywhere across the world, thus the Kazakhstan MBBS degree is valid worldwide.

8. They are also eligible for practising in India after taking the screening test which is held by the Medical Council of India.

Eligibility

1. The Medical the aspirant must qualify NEET-UG in the year of admission in Kazakhstan.

2. The student must be 18 years or above on or before 31st December of the admission year.

3. The applicant must have passed 12 standards with a minimum of 60% marks in PCB (Physics, Chemistry & Biology) from a recognized board.

4. Should have a national Passport.

Top MBBS Universities in Kazakhstan-

1. South Kazakhstan Medical Academy

2. Kazakh National Medical University

3. Kokshetau State University

4. North Kazakhstan State University

5. West Kazakhstan State Medical University 
