Among all the developed nations in the world, Russia projects in being a highly educated country with a majority of its residents holding a university degree that makes their literacy rate up to 99%. The rich tradition of Russian medical educational institutions provides their students with outstanding medical studying as well as living conditions. It is a most destined place for international students because each year Russia takes admission of students from over 170 different countries across the world and also provides scholarships to the deserving. Even otherwise, MBBS education in Russia is quite affordable as compared to other developed countries like the US, UK, or Germany.

There is a choice from 741 different universities in 82 regions offering over 400 fields of study and more than 650 subjects across various disciplines. Furthermore, many of the leading Russian medical universities run joint programs in collaboration with European medical universities which give the students benefit of dual state degrees. A medical student pursuing MBBS in Russia gets the added benefit of an excellent sports facility provided to them. Over 70% of students studying in Russia are involved in sports activities and most of the universities provide tremendous sports facilities. The students get golden opportunities to get into many of the top teams of region with best internationally trained coaches.

Culturally, Russia is a continental country where students of multiple countries and cultures can adapt very easily. The Russian constitution celebrates the freedom to practice various diverse religions from Christianity, Buddhism, Hinduism, Judaism, Islam, and other several ethnic religions. Additionally, students can be benefited by many subsidies like free travel on public transport and many other facilities provided to them.

The healthcare system in Russia is been given by both government as well as by private hospitals. There are almost five thousand five hundred hospitals estimated in Russia. Though the state government provides a free medical facility to the people. As in many other countries, the expanding middle-class society prefers Private hospitals over government hospitals due to better service, shorter waiting times, and easier entrance. However, the main thing to note is that the quality of medical treatment provided in Russia is excellent and Russia has introduced in some of the most specialized fields of medicine recently. Also had many development and achievements in several key areas.Now students who are dreaming of becoming a doctor and studying MBBS abroad, especially MBBS in Russia can research the few general facts about this country.There are most of the Indian medical aspirants after qualifying for competitive exam( NEET ) have a long struggle getting seat into government medical colleges in India as the availability is few and the demand for donation is high fees that leaves a student with very little or no choice. Taking these points into deliberation the only right place to Study MBBS in Russia For Indian Students without huge donation or high tuition fee.

There are many places where people dream about studying MBBS or doing their MBBS, but when a student wants to get full exposure with maximum knowledge of medicine, Russia would be the only place with the best colleges.
 Once the place of destination is decided for studying MBBS the very next question popping out is the fee structure. Studying any course anywhere in abroad is an expensive journey but when it comes to Russia it is the most inexpensive place to study MBBS compared to the rest of the countries of the world.
All the medical universities in Russia are well known and in case a student finds it hard to finance himself he can get a education loan from any bank when it comes to this country without any hassle.• There is also the scholarship test a student can pass and utilize all the benefits out of it.
• The Top Medical Universities In Russia provide the best facilities for all the medical students and also allows students to study if in case he has not cleared the language tests IELTS or TOFEL.

• Being unprejudiced with these skills in one of the countries where doing MBBS assures a high paying job anywhere in the world.

It’s easy to study MBBS in Russia, affordable and multifaceted. It is known to have one of the strongest and qualified education systems all over the world which makes a literacy rate of 99 per cent that beats other Western European countries. Huge Donations are not to be given to Russian medical universities. College education is being categorised into two subjects that is mandatory basic education after that higher education. International students can apply to 890 universities in 85 regions of Russia to different fields of education. Russia has always held the command in the field of schooling and, more importantly in the field of medicine.

Russian medical education has developed a astonishing reputation on the world stage due to higher educational teaching standards also innovative and specialized teaching methods and research centres. Apart from all this, what makes Russia the only chosen destination for higher medical studies is the simple admission criteria, which requires the rapid processing of paper works and deposition of few documents, no entrance exam at most Russian medical universities. Russia has become one of the most popular destinations for international students to take their MBBS degree courses. The means of teaching is English.

