Russia is the world’s largest nation, bordering all European and Asian countries as well as the Pacific and Arctic oceans. Russia’s landscape ranges from forests and tundra to the subtropical beaches. It is well known for Moscow’s Bolshoi and St. Petersburg’s Mariinsky ballet companies both. St. Petersburg was founded by Russian leader Peter which is now housing part of the State Hermitage Museum’s art collection the great.

Study MBBS in Russia is one of the first best choices for all the international students who aim for making a career in medicine. After 2 decades of experience in offering education in the field of medicine, medical education in Russia has established a standard in this field of education. Students envisage to Study In Russia For MBBS. It is counted among the most preferred place for all aspiring medical students. Best Medical University In Russia provides the best medical faculties for all medical students.

Pursuing MBBS in Russia is one of the best decision in which students can ensure themselves to get high-paying jobs in some of the best medical bodies and hospitals all across the world.

MBBS Admission In Russia will open up an opportunity for students those who fail miserably in the entrance examination took over for seeking admission in Indian medical schools and help the students create a bright future ahead. We are ready to serve you for your future. Our trained professional team will guide you every correct possible way and will make your process much easier. Medical study in Russia is simple for a typical student because everywhere in the world any student takes direct admission to MBBS without any placement test. In this, the fee structure of MBBS is very low based on the fact that the Russian government provides a subsidy for education, MBBS In Russia For Indian 2020-21

Russia has a very simplified and organised admission process for all international medical students. Not every Medical college in Russia take admission internationally but as a part of it Russian government rolls out a list of medical universities which offer admissions for international students. Moreover, this list of medical universities is also listed and verified by medical school directory of WHO (World Health Organization) as well as MCI(Medical Council of India). Which makes that degree from any of these universities good enough to appear for medical screening tests(FMGE) in the majority of countries like India, USA, UK, South Africa, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, etc. To achieve a Medical degree one needs to complete the entire MBBS course of 6 years (5 years and one year of internship). Once the degree is handed over to a student then he would be eligible to appear for MCI screening test that is being conducted in India and once the test is cleared by the student then he will be eligible to practice anywhere in India as a medical doctor. MBBS Colleges in Russia focuses on all-round evolution of student’s performance in academics and well as in the practical field. Also, ambient development of the student in his/her chosen field of specialization. The student can be assured that he will become a successful doctor upon returning to India. Admission in best colleges for MBBS in Russia is easy, affordable. Students can study at Low Cost MBBS In Russia as their fees are quite inexpensive, unlike India.

The academic year or academic Session in Medical colleges in Russia starts in September end and follows the semester and continues till January month, it is just same as that followed in Indian medical Colleges. The examination is held in January & June makes the odd and even semester. Admission in Russian MBBS Colleges for MBBS Closes by the end of August, many top colleges have very low-cost fees and accommodation charges are also reasonable. Seats are started to fill up by the mid of June. We always counsel students and guide them about how to get admission in Russia’s top Colleges as soon as possible if you are wishing to want a low package college as these seats get filled up very first. The academic session for Russian medical universities starts in October. The admission process takes up to a maximum of 1.5 months depending on the availability of original documents and passport of the student.

