The procedure of getting admission for MBBS in Russia is very simple. All Russia Medical College do not require Indian aspirants to pass any medical entrance exam to get enrolled for MBBS Abroad in Russia. -Medical Universities in Russia took admission based on marks obtained in the Higher Secondary Certificate Examination (intermediate). Medical candidate from India must also fulfil the admission guidelines of the Top Ten Medical University In Russia in which he/she is enrolled also the NEET-UG eligibility criteria set by the Medical Council of India. You should keep in mind that applications for admission in Russia for MBBS will likely start from the 1st week of May every year. The application form filing period is from May to October. All applications must be submitted by the end of October month. Our expert team will advise our students to make an early application because the list of enrolling students is quite large and the number of applicants and seats are limited. The seats in Medical college in Russia is given strictly on a first come first served basis and depend on availability. Therefore, it is always beneficial to those applicants who apply as early as possible. The academic year in Russia holds two semesters. The first semester in Russian medical colleges begins in September and ends in January. The second semester begins in the first week of February and ends in mid-June. At the end of each semester exams are being conducted and students have to clear those exams. After this, they have vacations: approximately 2 weeks in winter, 2 months in summer (from 1st week of July to august last week), this is the time when new admissions are taking place. MBBS Admission in Abroad is an emerging MBBS educational consultant providing its experiences and guidelines to the students and you will be paying for the best services by the consultants to those students who want to study MBBS in abroad in the top and reputed medical universities abroad. Every year 2 to 3 lakhs of students pass the NEET UG exam but there are around 20,000 medical seats in India and only these aspirants manage to get admission in government medical universities, but what about the rest of the students who appeared for the exam.

Applying aspirants either choose private medical colleges that demands of huge donation or want to know all about the Best Colleges for MBBS in Abroad. In that case, MBBS Admission in Russia helps those students to choose the best medical college option as it is famous as an MBBS education consultant. Countries like Russia, Georgia, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, Ukraine, etc are the most demanding medical educational destinations for Indian medical students to study medicine abroad.

MBBS in Russia is a dream destination for international medical aspirants for pursuing MBBS from MCI recognised medical universities in Russia. According to the estimates, thousands of people are coming from all around the world to study MBBS in the best medical universities in Russia.

According to the World Health Organization (WHO)’s, the best MBBS universities in Russia occupy almost 30 positions amongst the top 100 ranking Medical Universities all over the world. Study MBBS in Russia at an affordable tuition fee is a great opportunity for Indian medical students.

Many students from across the globe want to join the top MCI Recognized MBBS College in Russia for medicine study. Also, many Indian students who want to study MBBS in abroad can prefer Russia over any country for more renowned medical studies. The teaching methods of all medical colleges in Russia is very high standard than any other country.

Apart from the high quality, the university fee structure of MBBS in Russia is also very affordable to Indian medical students they can start their studies at a very low cost. The students will get a chance to appear for major tests like the USMLE and FMGE conducted by the Medical Council of India and can practice in any country across the world after completing their graduation in MBBS from the best MCI approved medical colleges in Russia.

It’s a great opportunity provided to the Indian students to study at a low-cost MBBS fee in Russia. Plenty of medical students apply to get admission every year and study MBBS in the best medical university in Russia. Students can study MBBS in Russia and this option is for those who can’t get admission in Indian government medical colleges, after appearing so many times also not able to pay the expensive fees of Indian private medical colleges.

The Russian government provides a subsidy for this immeasurable budget on its education system that’s why studying MBBS in Russia is cheaper as compared to any other country. A most qualified and well-experienced faculty will more helpful for Indian medical students. All top Medical Universities in Russia are recognized by WHO and MCI that allow students to practice anywhere in the world including India. Universities will provide students with a well-maintained hostel for students with Indian food. Professors will be delivering lectures at the universities in English and Russian languages which were a great advantage for international students and will help them understand the subject better.

