Russia has carved a distinct segment for itself for providing world category medical education at affordable rates to students from the globe over, particularly from the Asian country. Russia has over forty-eight medical faculties with over seventeen thousand doctors imparting medical education. As several as thirty colleges’ figures among the highest medical establishments of the globe, the mode of instruction is very follow destined in West Germanic for international students with regular Tests and examinations that area unit of tight nature guaranteeing the standard of the pass-outs.

Santa Monica study abroad Pvt. Ltd with over fifteen years of expertise in overseas education facilitation is that the licensed Representative of a number of the supposed Medical Universities/institutions in Russia and might assist you in securing admission to these establishments

MBBS in Russia may be a 6-year degree offered majorly as a specialist academic degree generally medication. it’s rising as an alternate choice for all those aspiring doctors WHO couldn’t secure admission to a decent Indian medical school in recent years. Over fifty-three Russian universities giving associate MBBS degree area unit approved by the Medical Council of India (MCI) permitting you to complete Medicine In Russia and follow inside India.

As per the MCI rule, all students attending to study MBBS abroad need to qualify for NEET exams.

No language check like TOEFL/IELTS or entrance exam is required for admission to the bulk of the Russian universities. However, you want to have a minimum of an associate combination of fifty (in PCB) or add in your CBSE/ISC 12th results. The MBBS Fees In Russia of a number of the favoured universities vary between 193,000 to 874,000 Russian Rubles once a year. For Indian students that spherical off two lakhs to eight lakhs a year. Graduates need to undergo the Foreign Medical Graduates Examination (FMGE) to follow in the Asian country with an associate MBBS degree from Russia.

Why STUDY MEDICINE IN RUSSIA?

About 4000 Indians area unit learning medication in more or less twenty universities in Russia, as of August 2020.

Following area unit a number of the explanations why MBBS students area unit attracted to study in Russia:

Tuition fees of MBBS in Russia area unit a lot of but in alternative countries just like the USA, UK, Canada, etc.
The economy of Asian country and Russia is nearly at a constant level because the price of one Russian ruble more or less up to zero.99 INR.
Thus, accommodation and alternative prices stay virtually constant as in Asian country.
The admission method is additionally very simple.

Students don’t seem to be needed to seem for any extra country-wise examination like MCAT to review MBBS in Russia.
Language proficiency check scores like IELTS or TOEFL are not needed for admission in this country. This conjointly saves the price of showing for such tests.
The programme of Russian medical universities is analogous to Indian medical faculties.
Thus, students will come back back to an Asian country to pursue higher studies with no further coaching job.

The majority of the Russian universities area unit recognized by MCI and WHO. So, graduates will follow in Asian country once qualifying for the screening check.

Most of the Russian universities have coaching job centres to arrange Indian students for MCI screening tests.

There is a 100% student visa guarantee if a student is accepted by a Russian university and submit all documents properly.

Admission method for MBBS IN RUSSIA FOR INDIAN

Russian universities have a really simplified admission procedure for Indian students. Anyone with a senior Gymnasium certificate with biology and chemistry as mandatory subjects is eligible to use it. Some universities don’t even have a minimum proportion demand. Hence, once coming up with to study abroad, Russia may be a nice alternative for following an associate MBBS degree.

Students might need to seem for the associate test conducted by some Russian universities for admission to the MBBS program. However, they’re not as competitive as alternative medical exams like NEET, MCAT, etc. queries area unit designed to see the essential data of scholars in subjects like biology, chemistry, and English.
