Studying Medical education from Russia is becoming popular among international students. Russia is a reputed national with a vast medical history which guides medical students from more than 180 nations all over the world for MBBS in Russia. Many of its Medial Universities have discovered their place on the globes top 35 medical universities. Out of 50 universities in Russia, 45 offers MBBS admissions in Russia at a very low price which makes this nation an international platform for medicine, 30 universities from that offer MBBS in Russia courses completely in English medium. It is very easy for an aspiring medical student from various nations to adapt and learn in a friendly mixed social environment and advantage from the global environment at the universal extend. If you are searching for a successful career as a parent for your child, at this moment you should step ahead by getting an MBBS admission in Russia. The great era of education, personalized attention from the professors to every student, brief explanation and learning, and very easy process for the admissions at a very low price, on an average total expense of 21,000 USD (14 lakhs approximately), there will be no donations for admission and no entrance tests.
what you think can make this much better?
All MBBS courses and medical colleges in Russia are approved by MCI, WHO, FAIMER, NTA and other reputed international medicinal council departments. Knowing this all facts, who will not love to study MBBS in Russia? Moreover, unlike other countries medicine courses that continue for 7-8 years and after that also internships years, MBBS in Russia can be completed in 6 years (it includes 1 year of internship also) MBBS In Russia For Indian.
Why Study MBBS in Russia?
MBBS Study in Russia is very simple for an ordinary medical student who dreams to become a doctor because any hardworking student anywhere’s from the globe can take Admission Medicine In Russia directly without any entrance exam. Doing MBBS in Russia have very less expensive because of the fact of subsidized expenses for education by the Russian Government. The normal MBBS expense in Russia is between 3 Lacs to 6 Lacs for a year. All Russian Medical Universities are registered in the WHO and MCI, Study In Russia For MBBS so a medical student who gets an MBBS degree from Russian medical colleges can practice anywhere in the world including India. Students from all across the globe come to Russia for Medicine Study and every single Russian medical university give quality medical training and practical knowledge in Russian hospitals.
Students get fully furnished, heat centralized hostel facilities in the university campus with fresh and quality food mess.
Direct admission in Russian medical colleges
Our consultants provide a host of various advantageous reasons for students to choose Russia for doing MBBS as a preferred destination instead of other countries like China, Ukraine or the Philippines. Russia has plenty of reputed also well-established medical universities as compared to other countries.
The faculties of Russian medical universities are way more experienced and are habitual to deal with international medical aspirants with warmth and care. Study MBBS Abroad In Russia The student-teacher ratio in Russian medical universities is also unattainable for an insightful and comprehensive study of the medical subjects. Just because of the maintenance of a healthy student-teacher ratio, the students who study MBBS in Russia have a better knowledge of all the medical equipment, procedures, and situations.
To pursue MBBS in Russia, one must take the guidance of consultants to fill up an online application form and submit all the original copies of passport, school leaving certificate, transcripts of records and other supporting documents. Once the criteria of submission are being completed, a student can expect an admission letter from the applied university.After the admission letter is being handed over to the student, the Department of Federal Migration Service of the Russian Federation starts the process of issuing an official invite to study MBBS in Russia to the fellow student. The whole process involves many verification checks at various successive levels, after which the dream of a student to study MBBS in Russia is finally fulfilled.
Russia is not a beautiful destination but also has some of the best medical colleges in the world which are MCI approved and offer world-class exposure to the students. Mostly all the top medical universities in Russia are recognized by international departments such as MCI, UNESCO and WHO. It makes it easy for international students to take part in Abroad education as well as quality medical studies.The syllabus of the MBBS course has been designed in such a way that students learn both aspects (theoretical as well as clinical) of this medicine program.

