MBBS in Russia- Studying MBBS in Russia is the best option for Indian medical students because Russia holds the 8th top medicine study destination where students choose to Study MBBS in Russia. Almost all Best Medical University in Russia are recognized by MCI, WHO, European Council and other world’s health organisations. After completion of MBBS in Russia, the degree awarded to the graduates is M.D (Physician) which is equivalent to an MBBS degree in India.

Russia Medical College become a global educational hub for Indian medical students to pursue the MBBS course. Indian students that pursue MBBS from Russia are eligible to appear for the MCI screening test in India. There are around 50+ medical universities in Russia. The student to teacher ratio in all Russian Medical Universities is 7:1. The medium of instruction of this MBBS course is English as well as Russia in a few of the Russian medical universities.

These are the advantages for Indian students to study MBBS in Russia:

The MBBS program in Top Ten Medical University In Russia is recognized worldwide so students can practice anywhere after graduating.
The students are also trained for the MCI (Medical Council of India) screening test so that the students can easily qualify for the test and can practice medicine in India.
There is no demand to pay the bulk of donation or capitation fee to these top medical college in Russia.
The fee structure in all Russian Medical Universities is affordable.
There is no need for any competitive entrance test for pursuing MBBS in Russian Medical Universities.
All faculty members are internationally commendable.
The Indian medical students will also get to experience the knowledge and the exposure of different cultures and traditions celebrated by the Russians.
The medical degrees that are being awarded to students after completion, of course, are recognized by WHO, UNESCO, and the MCI. It provides a great benefit to them to practice medicine anywhere in the world.
Each MCI recognized Russian Medical Universities provide hostel rooms to the Indian medical students travelled there for accommodation with an Indian food facility.
High-quality teaching techniques with outstanding facilities equipped with great state-of-the-art infrastructure and well-maintained laboratories, libraries.
Since 1990 students from India attracted to studying MBBS in RUSSIA because of its government recognized medical universities & low-cost fees. Thousands of doctors are now practising in India who has done their MBBS from Russia for 25 years. As we have mentioned above medical Universities in Russia is recognized by the Medical Council of India (MCI). According to the surveys every year more than 3500 students choose Russia over any other country for their MBBS study because of its low-cost fee and affordable expense of living. Many students who finished MBBS in Russia is now practising in many European countries and America after doing PG from these respective countries. Students from different countries like Europe, Africa, Asia and America comes to Russia for MBBS (MD) because of its highly qualified faculties and advanced teaching methods. The MBBS syllabus in Russia is full of practical knowledge and hands-on experience in hospital and clinics visit. The top medical universities have the experience to teach MBBS course in Russia for as long as 150 years or more. Studying at medical colleges in Russia for Indian students is a far better option than the Indian private medical college lack practical experience and quality of education provided to the students. Getting an MBBS degree from Russia from a top-rated Medical University in Russia in English medium of instruction ensures a great medical career ahead.

 MBBS in Russia in English is possible at a few goods and top Russian medical colleges. There are more than 400 well established medical universities, academies, colleges and higher education institutions which accept international students as well. There are nearly more than hundreds of medical Universities where aspirants can pursue their education in the field of medicine. Almost every Medical University in Russia is recognized in the whole world, over five lakhs of foreign students who graduated from the Medical Universities of Russia are working in honoured hospital and medical clinics in their native country. Most of the Medical Universities of Russia are almost 100 years old and even more than 200-250 years old. Every year medical universities of Russia accept thousands of International students from various countries like African, Asian, European, North American and South American continents. Medical Universities in Russia are considered to be the most affordable universities for the average middle-class family. We Twinkle Institute will guide you and help you find students a good Medical University within the range of 3500$-5000$ annually. Most of the medical universities in Russia provide all the medical courses both in the Russian and English medium of instruction including the postgraduate courses. In all the Medical Universities of Russia, students can easily find the post graduate’s medical courses which they can’t find or which are not easy to find in any other country. The every Medical University of Russia provides the best medical training under their highly qualified and experienced faculties that includes doctors, scientists, researchers, professors and candidates of science. The every Medical University of Russia has its own hospitals, clinics and research centres so that students can easily visit there often and do hands-on practice. It will so help students to sharpen their practical skills along with theory and to be a good successful doctor.
