Russia- a rustic settled in Asia and Europe and a hub of international students to check MBBS, conjointly for the tourists as a result of its wonderful scenic beauty & various cultures. conjointly called state that shares its borders with Republic of Finland, Baltic State and Poland (both with Kaliningrad Oblast), Belarus, Latvia, Ukraine, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, China, Norway, Estonia, Mongolia, and Asian country. Russia is that the largest country within the world and is or so one.8 times the dimensions of u. s. of America. the national capital is that the capital of Russia.

As way as medical education is bothered, Russia may be termed because the conceiver of MBBS abroad choices on the market for Indian MBBS aspirants nowadays. It provides associate degree absolute relief to Indian medical students, as they’re facing an enormous mess or a high competition for obtaining admission in prime Medical faculties of the Republic of India.

Over the amount of the last twenty-five years, or so ten,000 students; UN agency became Doctors once learning MBBS from Russia, came with their degrees and are with success practising medication in the Republic of India. several others are engaging at numerous celebrated hospitals abroad. Collaboration for medical education between the Republic of India and Russia is increasing the prospects of our medical aspirant/students UN agency are about to be the Doctors of Tomorrow. so following MBBS from Russia could be a profit for Republic of Indian students as a result of as per recent initiatives taken by the Ministry of External Affairs all medical graduates from Russia are going to be eligible to apply in India once qualifying for the FMGE exams undergo the deserves of MBBS in Russia.

Russian Medical Universities pays serious stress on the comprehensive development of the coed’s information and intensive development of the student in their chosen field of specialization. Russia is one among the simplest destinations within the world for all those students, particularly Indian students UN agency are progressing to study MBBS abroad. following MBBS from Russia can guarantee that once the completion of half a dozen years of the medical program, each college boy can have the degree which will permit them to apply their medical career in the Republic of India. MBBS in Russia is already being pursued by thousands of Indian students each year, UN agency gets or are attracted by the prospect of a high-quality education besides the low price of fee structure & living.

All Russian Medical Universities have well-equipped labs and lecture rooms. Teaching ways with numerous tools and techniques adopted are of a very high customary. This Advanced methodology permits the coed to determine associate degree accomplished medical career in any country within the world. Sessions at Medical Universities in Russia starts in Sep and continues until the Gregorian calendar month. The second semester starts in a Gregorian calendar month and continues till the Gregorian calendar month.

MBBS in Russia is an associate degree exceptional choice for all international medical aspirants particularly Indian students. once qualifying for NEET in the Republic of India, the important struggle begins – less convenience of seats in Government medical faculties or demand for a large number of donations fees. Either they need to arrange once more for NEET succeeding year or quit the stream. therefore as a rising star, Russia has initiated to be the simplest choice for all of them, that offers all those advantages to the aspiring students that they will solely dream concerning in the Republic of India.

ELIGIBILITY

Criteria reserved for Indian students to require admission in MBBS at any of the highest Medical Universities in Russia, explicit as follows-

Reserved class (SC/ST/OBC) students will apply with four-hundredth marks in Physics, Chemistry and Biology; as per the rules by the Medical Council of Republic of India (MCI).

The student should have qualified for NEET (National Eligibility humour Entrance Test) with qualifying marks as it’s obligatory from 2019 onward, explicit by the Medical Council of the Republic of India (MCI). No entrance exam is needed.
