The largest country in the world Russia includes borders of Asian nations, the Arctic Ocean, European nation, and the Pacific Ocean. At present, it is also recognized as the most favoured destination for Study Medicine In Russia specifically from MCI approved colleges that are offering the whole MBBS study course at a very low and affordable tuition fee. Why MBBS in Russia is greatly preferred by Indian medical students? There are several reasons for this question. Moscow is the capital of Russia that is famous for the travelling purpose, also many specialities along with the offering course in medicine specializing in pursuing MBBS from Best Medical College In Russia .

Russia has observed a great amount of economical growth and development in several areas. Today, it has a literacy rate of 99.9% and has secured the international level of the education system all over the world. It is not only for the students from India but also for the international students from the other Asian and European countries seeking admission in the medical courses, pursuing Medicine In Russia has become the top choice of every medical student.For all the medical aspirants who are willing to earn an MBBS Degree at a very low cost, Russia has become the best destination in the world. Get ready to grab a seat of a professional degree of MBBS in Russia is the fast pace of developing health department.Russia is one of the biggest countries in the world which shares its borders with other fourteen countries. The Russian language is one of the acknowledgeable languages of the United Nations. Eight-time zones are covered by the country and also include 12 seas which surround the whole nation. The total population in the country is 145 million. It is the most visited country in Europe by people all across the world. The country is a broad provider of mineral resources, and it depends thoroughly on mining.Russia is one of that few countries that come in the category of trans-European country. It extends to a larger part of Europe land wise. The country has the honour of being the biggest country when it comes in respect of the land area. The Russian Federation was established in the year 1991 with the first constitution was created in the year 1993. The nationality of the residents of Russia is Russian and they arise from more than different hundred ethnic societies. The population of the country was estimated around 142.9 million in the year of 2011. The growth rate of the Russian federal community is on the positive side due to several reasons.There are thousands of scholars who have come to seek medical education in Russia. The ethnic groups of Russia hold of nearly 80% of Russian people others are Ukrainian, Tartar, and Bashkir ethnic groups which compose for more than 7% of the Russian population. People of Russia follow a various number of religions which involve Russian orthodox, Roman Catholic, Islam and Buddhists. However, a major section of the Russian population belongs to the Russian Orthodox religion. The most spoken language of Russia is Russian. The individuals also speak English and more than 100 types of other languages are also being spoken.The medical aspirants who are seeking admission in Medical college in Russia must be above 18 years old or above till the 31st December of the year of admission. MBBS course admission applicants must have scored at least 50 % marks in(Physics, chemistry and biology) in 12th board examination for pursuing their medical studies in the Russian medical universities. The entire duration of MBBS in Russia is 6 years and the course taught is in both English and Russian language both. In case, if a student wants to study in the Russian language, the duration of MBBS in Russia will exceed up to 7 years which includes 1 year Russian Language Training. The MBBS study in Russia is full of practical knowledge and also the hands-on experience to deal in a real-life situation. The top medical universities of Russia have the experience to give knowledge of medicine of more than hundred of years. Studying medicine at medical colleges in Russia for Indian students is a way much better option instead of enrolling in Indian medical private schools which lack practical experience, as well as the quality of education, is low. Getting an MBBS degree in Russia from a top world-class MBBS University with English taught course makes a secure and great medical career ahead. Studying MBBS in Russia in the English language is possible only at few good and top Russian colleges for MBBS.

As the majority of the Russian MBBS universities are recognized by MCI and WHO for their medical courses, candidates can easily find work in India after pursuing an MBBS course from Russia medical universities. However, to find employment in India, the medical candidates must clear a screening test called the Foreign Medical Graduate Exam (FMGE), which is being conducted by the National Board of Examinations(NBE) in India.

After a medical graduate from Russia medical universities has cleared this exam, he/she is allowed to practice medicine in India. Candidates should also note that there are certain medical jobs in India as well that do not require MBBS graduates from Russia to clear the screening test

