MBBS in Russia is one of the most popular destinations abroad among Indian medical students. Russia as a country needs no introduction to the MBBS study. It is one of the most developed countries in the world and is very advanced in the field of a medical study. As we all know Russia was the first country to make the Corona-virus vaccine.

When the list was created, there were approx. 56 MCI recognized medical universities in Russia. However, just like in any other country including India, there are medical universities of every level of medical study in Best Medical College in Russia. Every medical university is not suitable for Indian students and the main reason is about language.

Going to the best medical university will help you whereas if you end up enrolling in one of the bad medical universities in Russia, then your whole education in medicine might not be up to the mark to achieve your goals about becoming the best doctor. This is why you need the guidance of the Twinkle Institute. We will help you select one of the best university.

Duration and Medium of Instruction & Fees –

Pursuing MBBS in Russia Medical College is one of the best options for medical students. The Medicine course duration is of 5.8 years in a Russian medical university (commonly mentioned as 6 years). In many medical universities, the medium of instruction is English for the whole duration of study for international medical students. However, there are many Top Ten Medical University In Russia where the course is being guided in bilingual– The first three years are being taught in English and the rest in the Russian language. Students must not take admission in such medical universities. On average, the minimum overall budget required to study MBBS is about 25-30 lakh in Russia.

The duration for MBBS study abroad is about 6 years. Earlier, the students used to undergo a learning course where they were taught the Russian language for one year. Then they used to study the 6-year medical course in the Russian language. This can still be done by the candidates. The only benefit of studying MBBS in Russia is that the tuition fee is far less for the MBBS course in Russia.

However, the students are being taught the local language as it will be required during hospital visits to communicate with the patients. It will also help you in day-to-day purchasing and interacting with people. After completing the 6-year MBBS study from Russia, you can come back to India and can also practice in India after clearing FMGE.

Each medical university in Russia conducts an entrance exam based on basic knowledge as part of the admission process. This exam takes place in Russia only after the student is enrolled reaches the medical university they have applied for. However, due to the pandemic going on, medical universities are now conducting the exams online. In most universities, the exam that has been conducted is just a formality and the students are not denied admission to the university.

However, in some best and reputed universities, such as Kazan Federal University and Far Eastern Federal University, medical students are contradicted for admission based on their performance in the entrance exam. The exam mainly consists of 3 subjects – Chemistry, Biology, and English.

As per the recent circulation of NMC, your NEET qualified result of 2019 can get you admission for MBBS abroad in the year 2019, 2020, and 2021. As per NMC rules, you will not be allowed to appear for the MCI screening test and will not be able to practice in your home country if you get admission to any medical college abroad without qualifying for NEET. Subsequently, you will not be able to acquire the authorised license to practice medicine in India.

Many students as well as parents have a common query about learning the Russian language? Yes, it is compulsory to learn the local language which is Russian. Even in the medical universities which teach in English medium for full 6 years, learning the local language is compulsory so as yo interact with the residents of there.

To learn the language is a part of the syllabus itself. There is no extra fee charged for language training. The local language will be required for interaction with the patients during clinic visits. Learning the local language will definitely benefit you and also help you in day-to-day interaction with the people living there.

After pursuing MBBS in Russia, you have to finance your whole education by paying from your pocket or by taking an education loan from any bank in India. There is no guaranteed scholarship for studying MBBS in Russia from every medical university. Some medical institutes offer scholarship based on performance in the semester exams held two times annually. However, we can consider it giving to only 1 in every 100 students.

You don’t have to submit the whole MBBS fees all at once. The tuition fees can be paid in instalments yearly or semester wise.  You don’t have to pay any bulk donation for admission to any of the MBBS university or college in Russia. Please keep in mind that you always have to pay the MBBS fees only to the respected university and not to any agent or consultant in India.

