
As far as we are concerned about medical education, Russia can be introduced as the originator of pursuing MBBS in abroad options available for Indian as well as other international gives a certain kind of relief to Indian medical students, as they are facing a big problem because of high competition rising each year for getting admission in over the period of last 25 years, approximately more than 10,000 students that have travelled there to became doctors after studying MBBS from Russia. Also, returned with their MBBS degrees and are currently practising their course of specialization in India. Many others have settled abroad and are working at various renowned hospitals. Association for medical education between India and Russia is increasing the future anticipation of our medical aspirant/students who are going to be the Future Doctors. Therefore pursuing MBBS in Russia is a very good option for Indian medical aspirants because as per recent survey initiatives by the Indian Ministry of External Affairs that all medical candidates graduating from Russia will be eligible to practice further in India only after qualifying the FMGE exam. Russian Medical College pays a major significance on the all-round development of the student’s knowledge as well as on substantial evolution of the student in their chosen field of specialization. Russia became one of the best destinations all across the globe for all those medical students, especially Indian students who are planning to study MBBS in abroad. Pursuing MBBS from Russia will guarantee your bright future also after completion of 6 years of the MBBS course, every graduate student will have the degree that will allow them to practice their medical career anywhere across the world including India. MBBS in Russia is already being pursued by plenty of Indian medical students every year. There are two main reasons why students are attracted because of the possibility of a high-quality education provided to them with the low cost of fee structure, living and accommodation. All Medical college in Russia have well-equipped laboratories and lecture rooms. Teaching and guiding methods adopted with various props and techniques are of an exceptionally high standard. Advanced procedures ensure the student to establish an accomplished medical career in any country in the world. New sessions at Russian MBBS College starts in September and continues until January month every year. The second semester starts in February and continues until June. MBBS Abroad in Russia is an exceptional and the only best option for all the international medical aspirants especially the Indian medical students. After qualifying the NEET in India, the real struggle begins due to the less availability of seats in Indian Government medical colleges or demand for the huge amount of donations/capitation fees, due to which Indian students are left with two options either they have to prepare again for NEET and giving it one more year or quit the medical BBC in Russia has come out to be the best option of all of them, that gives all the benefits to the aspiring medical students and make their dream Of becoming a doctor to come true.

