Russia has now become the first destinations for Indian medical aspirants to pursue MBBS in abroad. Owing to the advancement in medical and technological research and development, high maintained infrastructure, affordable cost of education that is supported by the government of Russia as they provide subsidy to education, it has continued to remain one of the best countries to study medicine.The best Russian Medical Universities, medical colleges and foundations are recognized by some top organizations such as the Medical Council of India (MCI), World Health Organisation (WHO), FAIMER which is mainly in USA , they are also authorised by some organizations  and medical councils which is excepted world wide. The medical qualification from Top Medical Universities in Russia is accepted globally. Many students after completing their MBBS graduation in Russia can continue their studies after graduation in the USA, UK, and Canada, Germany or any other European countries. MBBS in Russia is taken up by Indian medical students from different boards like Maharashtra and other state boards, CBSE and ICSE boards. The course duration is almost six years. MBBS fees in Russia medical universities are affordable and cheaper than the cost of education in other European countries as well as other countries. Scholarships for MBBS in Russia is also offered to the students by government and universities for deserving and excellent students in studies. Most of the Best Universities In Russia For MBBS have faculty to teach MBBS in the English language thus making Russia a complete package for any medical student to study medicine.It’s a golden opportunity for Indian medical candidates to study at low-cost MBBS fee in Russia. Thousands of students apply to get enrolled and study MBBS in the Top Ten Medical University In Russia every year. Students can choose to study MBBS in Russia who can’t get admission in government medical colleges of India and also not being able to pay the huge donation fees to private medical colleges of India.The Russian government assign an inestimable budget on its education system that’s why studying MBBS in Russia is quite cheaper than any other country. Well-experienced and qualified faculty will be more helpful for Indian medical students. All top Best Medical College in Russia are recognized in the WHO and MCI list that allows Indian medical students to practice anywhere all across the world including India. They will provide you with the well-maintained hostel for the students with Indian food mess facilities. The lectures at the medical universities are being delivered in English and Russian languages which were a great advantage for international students.Russia is now considered as the favourite destination for studying MBBS. There are various reasons but the number one and the most common reason of all the cases is the fact that it is really affordable country to get the MBBS degree. Not just affordable but also the country that uses the most modern and top methods and techniques in the medical study which makes it the desired place for the medical students pursuing MBBS. If we talk about the estimates, more than 10,000 students are currently studying their medical course in Russia and around 2,000 of Indian aspirants have been completing their MBBS degree every year from Russia. The best part is that the Russian medical institutions of medical science which are listed under the organisations like WHO are well recognized by the MCI which stands for the medical council of India. As mentioned above, it is one of the cheapest countries to pursue MBBS from which makes the Indian medical student pursue their dreams from Russia and above all this, the healthy relations between the two countries makes the Indian students feel more comfortable and safe in the country as they generally do not face any kind of racism and bad behaviour in the country. Moreover, making friends is easier as the citizen of Russia is always helpful and cheerful. If a student completes his medical study from Russia, he/she can be assured of one thing that they will be for sure become a successful doctor as the study of medicine in Russia is one of the best medical studies in the worldwide. Even if we take a glance at history, the doctors who have already graduated from the Russia medical colleges are doing really well in their lives. The students will be provided high-quality education with the low cost of living and other expenses will also be quite affordable as compared to other international countries. The semester system in Russia is the same as India and their academic year starts in the month of September-October. The only thing we should take care of is choosing the right medical college as most of the universities run in Russian medium. Russia holds very good relations with India in terms of both economic and cultural.

