Russian medical universities graduates have been successfully practising in more than 100 countries all across the world. Medicine is one of the most favoured studies selected by international medical students at Russia Medical College.

Best Medical College in Russia have a rich history of training in medical professionals. The first medical college in Russia, Apothecary Chancery, was established in the 17th century. Top Ten Medical University In Russia, At present medical education is provided by more than 60 Russian medical universities.Higher MBBS study in Russia is only available to central students. Duration of medicine study depends on medical speciality which a student wants to pursue. For example, a bachelor’s degree in course of nursing is being provided after four years of study. A surgeon’s degree requires eight to nine years of study likewise in India. In the United States, medical students study extended up to 12 to 18 years. Best Medical University In Russia full Medical training lasts ten years in Great Britain and approximately eight to ten years in Germany. A medical degree in Canada requires four years of study at a medical college, and as many at a university. It is followed by three- to the four-year internship, depending on the interest of specialization.MBBS ABROAD in Russia, entering a well established medical university is possible after finishing studies in school. Medical Universities offer MBBS programes in both Russian and English language. If you cannot speak Russian, you can learn it at a preparatory class or take a language course at respective Russian medical universities. Aside from learning to speak Russian language, preparatory departments train foreign students in other subjects which prepare them better for future study. Over 6,000 Indian medical students are currently studying in various government medical institutions in the Russian federation. Please keep in mind that Indian students who have studied MBBS from Russia are required to register with the Medical Council of India (MCI) in order to practice in India after completing their MBBS study in Russia.

The MCI can allow to practice in India and register the name of a medical indian student with foreign medical qualification only after he/she appears and clears the Foreign Medical Graduate Examination (FMGE) which is being conducted by the National Board of Examination (NBE) every year. In order to appear for FMGE, a candidate should obtain Eligibility Certificate (EC) from the Medical Council of India (MCI) before taking admission to a medical course in a foreign medical institution. This is as according to the Section 14 (4B) of the Indian Medical Council Act, 1956.
The FMGE or Screening Test is conducted two times in a year in June and December as a computer-based test. The performance of Indian students is quite good who have studied in reputed Russian Medical institutions. There is a low percentage of Indian students, who have studied medicine in Russia and appeared in the FMGE and fail to clear the exam. They should keep in mind about the MCI recognized universities before deciding to study medicine in a Russian medical institution.
Approaching Indian students must bear in mind that Russian medical colleges are spread all over the country, with a cold and very harsh climate. There are direct flights only between New Delhi-Moscow and students studying in different regions of the Russian Federation would have to take further modes of transport to reach the destination. Cost of living and accommodation particularly fresh fruits/vegetables is generally high and Indian food mess is available locally in these universities.
Students must also know the advancement in the hostel facilities available in these Russian medical universities that they are seeking admission to. There are hostels at many universities that provide adequate and do offer boarding facilities. Students generally cook their own food according to their taste and ease.
Many universities charge a huge amount in advance and getting into these government medical colleges in very difficult owing to an only limited number of seats. Many students in India opt for twinkle Institute to make their dream of becoming a doctor true according to their interest in the specialization. All Russia universities are recognized by Medical Council of India (MCI) by which you can become a practising doctor here.
All universities are maintained directly by the government providing world-class facilities and conveniences to their students.
No need to pay huge donations in advance to these universities which happened in many colleges in India.
The MBBS in Russia, fees are quite low affordable.
Students graduated from these well-established universities do exceptionally well at MCI screening test.
Many passed out undergraduate students have scored well and are working in some of the best hospitals all across the globe.
The Visa the process is quite easy and need not attend for the entrance exams.
