Indian medical students who are looking forward to getting admission in MCI and WHO recognized Top medical universities in Russia after completing 12th standard can contact our leading consultancy for Study MBBS in Russia 2020! Our consultancy is an official university representative and we provide direct admission to study MBBS in Russia at a very low-cost fee. Our team helps the medical aspirants in selecting medium of education and universities, Study VISA for medical in Russia, education counselling and many more.

Here are some Advantages of Studying MBBS in Russia 2020

Many Russian medical universities support aspirants via providing scholarship for MBBS in Russia for Indian Students 2020.
The universities are recognized by MCI, WHO, UNESCO, CLAD, USMLE, and many more
These medical degrees are Globally accepted approximately in more than 90+ countries.
European procedure of education is followed which is regarded qualitative education system in the world.
Russia is considered to hold some of the best and top world ranking universities under a ranking system like Times Higher Education (THE), World University Rankings (WUR).
The MBBS course in Russian medical universities starts from very low cost nearly Rs2 lakhs per year. This makes it an affordable fee for Indian students and pocket friendly.
This education Process connects all the Top Medical Universities Russia to overseas universities.
Therefore, you can earn also while pursuing a degree and completing your course.
Eligibility for pursuing Admission in Russia 2020

The Indian medical aspirants applying for admission in MBBS in Russia should be 18 years min and 25 years max to apply for admission in these universities.
Student must have Completed 12th standard with Chemistry, Biology, and Physics.
The student should’ve scored 50% min in 12th board exams of PCB which is for general, and for SC/ST/OBC, the student should’ve had 40%.
IELTS and TOEFL Scorecard to be eligible for the English Program.
The most important NEET is mandatory for Direct Admission In Top Universities In Russia.
MBBS Course Semesters in Russian Medical Universities/ MBBS in Russia Fee-2020.
 The academic year for all medical colleges and universities in Russia starts in September. Every academic year consists of 2 parts/semesters:

1st Semester:  It is from September to January
2nd Semester:  It is from February to June
Winter Vacations of 18 days are assigned for the students in end of December and starting of January and nearly 70 days are assigned for summer vacations in which student can travel back to their country.

Is Studying In Russia Safe for Indian Students?

Yes, of course, Russia is completely safe to live and study for Indian medical students, there are no negative remarks in it. Russia is one of the most and frequently visited country on the earth by the Indian people due to close and good relationships with Russians. The country is wonderful and beautiful. It has a beautiful and different cultural society with people from all over the world travelling here with the family. Medical studies in this country have been appreciated a lot and have been a top spot for Indian medical aspirants to study MBBS abroad.

Complete security in Russia makes it amongst the safest places to study provided by Highly Authorized Security of Russia.

