Study MBBS abroad in Russia is one of the considerable opportunities a student can ever experience in his life. In fact, the number of candidates taking MBBS Admission In Russia increases every year. The idea of looking for studying MBBS abroad is comparatively new in India. Therefore, not many have authentic data on admissions, and different procedures and wishes necessary to follow the idea of doing a course abroad.

The MBBS study consultants in Delhi NCR for students who want to study MBBS in abroad advise them about various medical universities in Russia and their options achievable at the marginal level. We, at Twinkle Institute with our talented consultants, provide the best admission advice and recommends magnificent medical universities for Indian medical students.

Russia has been a popular destination for International medical students for pursuing MBBS right for last three decades. Russia possesses occupying almost 30 positions amongst the top 100 rankings in World’s Medical Universities according to the World Health Organization (WHO) which is a Directory of World Medical Schools. There are pass-outs from Top Universities In Russia For MBBS who are presently working in the world’s leading Hospitals across the globe. MBBS in Russia is the most preferred choice for International medical aspirants because of highly subsidized fee given by the Russian Ministry of Health & Education as compared to other European countries. Medical universities in Russia will provide students with the High Quality of Education combined with this low cost is one of the main reasons for choosing top medical universities of Russia for MBBS. There are almost 57 MBBS universities in Russia. The student to teacher ratio is about 7:1 in all Best Medical University In Russia. There are about 15 medical universities that will provide MBBS in the English Language. Medical Study in Russia is very easy and appropriate for a normal medical candidate because any student from all over the globe can take direct MBBS Admission in Russia without giving any kind of entrance exam. The fee cost of MBBS in Russia is very low because the Russian Federation Government provides a subsidy for education. Average MBBS course cost in Russia is between 2.5 Lakhs to 5 Lakhs per year. All Russian Medical Colleges are listed in WHO and MCI so if a student gets an MBBS degree from any MBBS college in Russia can practice anywhere in the world including India also. Students from all over the world go to Russia for MBBS education and all medical universities provide high-quality medical education with hands-on practical knowledge. Students are provided with a fully furnished hostel facility near the medical university campus with fresh food also Indian food available. There is also an opportunity for MBBS students that can get scholarship also if they fulfil the scholarship procedure. All MBBS students in Russia get Medical Insurance for all courses and get full medical treatment when it is mandatory. MBBS students are also trained to learn the Russian Language because by learning the Russian language a student can interact with patients in the hospital during the whole medical practice.

Some advantages of studying MBBS in Russia:-

The one of the major reason for Indian students to choose MBBS study in Russia over other European countries to study MBBS is the low cost of MBBS education. Most of the medical colleges in Russia do not ask for any huge donation fee.
Most of the medical universities in Russia are both governments assisted as well as MCI approved. So, Indian medical students can also apply for some subsidies or help given in the Russian medical colleges.
Unlike for pursuing MBBS in China and the MBBS in the Philippines, Indian medical aspirants do not require high scorecards in Physics, Chemistry and Biology from their high school to apply for studying MBBS in Russia.
Indian students do not have to apply for any entrance examinations to study MBBS in Russia. Likewise studying MBBS in the Philippines or studying MBBS in the United States.
Indian students will have a golden opportunity to get exposure to European culture. Moreover living in European living style in most of the Russian cities.
Almost all the medical colleges do provide separate hostel facilities and Indian food for students separately. If the students wish to stay outside the university campus then one can find a lot of hotels that provides Indian mess system.
