Russia has always been the most popular destination for International medical students for pursuing MBBS in top medical colleges. Currently Russia is occupying almost 40 positions amongst the top 100 ranking Medical Universities according to the World Health Organization (WHO). Graduates as well as postgraduates from the top Russian Medical Universities are presently working in the leading Hospitals all across the globe. Pursuing MBBS in Russia is the most preferred choice for Indian also International medical students because of highly subsidized fee by Russian Ministry of Health & Education as compared to other countries like USA, United Kingdom, Australia. High Quality of Education is being provided to the students. Also, these colleges provide education at low cost, MBBS in Russia with such a low fees is one of the main reasons for choosing medical universities of Russia. If we list it down, there are almost 57 medical universities in different federal subjects of Russia. The ratio of student and professor is 7:1 in all Russian Medical Universities. About 12 among of these medical universities provide MBBS education in English Medium. From the past few decades, there has been a vast increase in the percentage of international and Indian medical students travelling to Russia for pursuing MBBS in Russia. All universities are recognized by WHO & Medical Council of respective leading countries like U.S.A, U.K, middle east, Australia, India, Canada etc.

Duration of completing MBBS in Russia in English taught program is 6 years but there will also, be training given to students to learn the Russian language alongside. Students can also study MBBS in Russia in Russian language. Duration of MBBS in Russia is 7 years which includes 1 year as Russian Language Training also.
Russia is a vast country which is situated in Asia and Eastern Europe. Russia is the largest country in the world according to the land area and it is also known by Russia Federation. Moscow is the capital of Russia and the Russian Federation is the official name given to Russia. Moscow which is the capital of Russia is the largest city in the world. The estimated population of Russia is about 146.6 million. The Russian government is based on democratic policy. The Russian Federation shares their land border with Finland, Lithuania and Poland, Belarus, Latvia, Ukraine, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, China, Norway Estonia, Mongolia, and North Korea.
Applying for medical education in Russia is a very easy process for an Indian student because all medical aspirants from any country can take Admission in MBBS in Russia without clearing any entrance exam. Average MBBS fee in Russia ranges between 2.5 Lacks to 5 Lacks per annum. All Russian Medical Universities are listed in WHO and MCI so if a student who gets their MBBS degree from Russia can practise anywhere in the world including India. Students from all accross the globe travel to study MBBS in Russia and all russian medical universities provide quality medical education and practical knowledge that help students in hospitals. Students who are studying medicine in Russia get fully furnished hostel facility inside the university campus with freshly made and quality food services. MBBS Students can get a scholarship in Russia also if they fulfil the scholarship criteria. All MBBS students in Russia whether native or international get Medical Insurance for all courses and get full medical treatment whenever they need. Students get training for MCI screening test during their whole medical course and professors are well aware of the pattern about the MCI screening test so they teach the students accordingly. Medical courses are being taught in both English and Russian languages. MBBS students also get training to learn Russian Language because by learning the Russian language a student can interact with patients and people in the hospital during the time of their medical practice.

